It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! https://t.co/NOUTroe8MV
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!
RT @SecPompeo: Landed in #Finland for #helsinki2018 where @POTUS &amp; Prez Putin are set to discuss US/Russian relations. POTUS meeting is in…
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania are wheels down in Helsinki, Finland...photo via motorcade en route to hotel.…
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
RT @Scavino45: Judge Brett Kavanaugh watches with his family as President Donald J. Trump signs the document Monday evening, July 9, 2018,…
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy’s technology! #CenturyOfService https://t.co/hD42XseaTG
Pfizer &amp; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp; others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp; elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp;, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/475ct7hW3D
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/Zn6ZLM0tzy
RT @DHSgov: Today, DHS, @CBP, and @ICEgov will be sharing stories of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day with…
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS welcomed @KingAbdullahII and @QueenRania of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the Whit…
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” https://t.co/AcgnIZNh6e
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
RT @EricTrump: Record High Economic Optimism: 51% of people think the the economy is good or excellent - this is the highest number @CNBC h…
RT @TrumpGolf: Congratulations to our dear friend and @TrumpCharlotte member, @ScottMcCarron, on his incredible win at the @AmFamChamp this…
RT @marcorubio: Trump haters still haven’t realized how much they help him with their condescension of those who either voted for him or do…
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp; Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp; Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp; losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! https://t.co/8MMYGuOj8Q
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and the Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT at the #G7Summit in Canada... https://t.co/lju3…
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
#500Days of American Greatness: https://t.co/qQEEPqmaax https://t.co/1VCeoTk1cI
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp; others) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
....We had Repeal &amp; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp; Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts, Military &amp; Vets, Lower Crime &amp; Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp; Jobs EVER, and much more...
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities... https://t.co/Q9cOcQeEDc
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty... https://t.co/aOw3QwN2SV
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay https://t.co/YSYAHf7bNu
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp; women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 https://t.co/Iohcuhi4dQ
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong &amp; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp; the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck &amp; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem https://t.co/f1SFvrkcAH
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp; hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp; Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North &amp; South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! https://t.co/kzmfovwUeb https://t.co/7AgbwbFNuw
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! https://t.co/zKGgPlaadS
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. #Syria https://t.co/qiEahlL3Ah
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer https://t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day” https://t.co/ECBCHfll0p
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! https://t.co/bOMJRK8FyK
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
Great news! #MAGA https://t.co/mRQGRJkozC
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA https://t.co/jYhjpoJKHe
RT @WhiteHouse: The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery &amp; hope. President Trump is asking e…
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong https://t.co/IO6B42jixA
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/GISFbDDGXX
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar! https://t.co/Y9inQaCt7o
End the Democrats Obstruction! https://t.co/tzBXilvW1b
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
RT @WhiteHouse: \"Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American Dream. It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation, etched i…
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
RT @EricTrump: We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price  — Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! https://t.co/mYtV5GNdLl
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! https://t.co/xa2qxcisVV
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!\n\nOUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: https://t.co/B3POaMVID8
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B! https://t.co/v1UR63CqLK
So true Ivanka! https://t.co/BNGUJG69Ki
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! https://t.co/EvcAkjuf8w
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/3AOv53S0PU
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! https://t.co/7SDsEeIhJH
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... https://t.co/Gyf5BdVm4G
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp; inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration &amp; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: https://t.co/NeKPMgkdg8 https://t.co/pODjl00lAy
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...&amp; so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history... https://t.co/eOvCBcMIKX
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! https://t.co/I7h4Ryin3h
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey &amp; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
I am proud of the Rep. House &amp; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp; reform.} We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair &amp; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare &amp; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! https://t.co/2ahAvm4n9s
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 https://t.co/EvxFqAVnFS
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong... https://t.co/qkCPgtKGkA
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp; the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! https://t.co/uFMonzza7N
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. https://t.co/BaQZDA3s2e
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! https://t.co/maO9Nc0sTe
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, \"I hope so!\"
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp; companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
RT @ABCNewsRadio: Global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations https://t.co/jUmsY3ON4x https://t.co…
RT @mike_pence: .@EdWGillespie is fighting to grow the economy &amp; cut taxes! He’s fighting for a safer VA. And he’s is fighting for affordab…
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.\nDems must get smart &amp; deal!
\"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay\" https://t.co/cbQRst4lN4
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars &amp; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to #TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great @PresidentsCup victory! https://t.co/fZeP1e9mo7
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.\n#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
RT @jayMAGA45: NFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002. He was killed in action 2004. He fought 4our country/freedom. #StandForOurAnt…
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts &amp; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA https://t.co/YEHWjdtQx8 https://t.co/jwU4e8Yk8A
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp; his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA https://t.co/KVvCMznmcN https://t.co/UQn6RrC9Xw
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! https://t.co/CU3gOZMf7J
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! https://t.co/snkXO40vXM
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 https://t.co/erycJgj23r
#NeverForget https://t.co/rmQ1a5bDon
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! https://t.co/lyvtNfQ5IO
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans. #HurricaneHarvey https://t.co/lhpJtAne10
RT @Inspire_Us: No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
RT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spar…
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down &amp; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! https://t.co/8J7y900VGK
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp; rescue efforts are underway. https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU
RT @FiIibuster: @realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House &amp; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back &amp; LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border &amp; Wall, the military, tax cuts &amp; law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
RT @realDonaldTrump: On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 htt…
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/QmfdLSLp6p
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES &amp; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation &amp; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger &amp;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy &amp; jobs,border &amp; military security,ISIS &amp; MS-13 etc.
A great day at the White House!
RT @foxandfriends: .@Suffolk_Sheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority https://t.co/uNY7jBhleE
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, &amp; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! \nRemarks: https://t.co/tSvWaMdxBA https://t.co/DI7e78hr6N
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... https://t.co/Yxm94XKtuv
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp; Replace after years of talking &amp; campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into \"Russia,\" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that \"Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.\"
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸
RT @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia https://t.co/nVWLb…
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows. https://t.co/BfSP…
RT @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a \"matte…
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
RT @foxandfriends: Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information https://t.co/Hkg4cAb6o9
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha…
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Democrat cabal.  @realD…
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,&amp; did!
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs &amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp; aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
RT @Reince: With a strong candidate in @POTUS &amp; @GOP revolutionary data program, Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years\nhttps://t.…
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border &amp; so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
America's men &amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, &amp; G… https://t.co/LtTpGsP3fC
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:… https://t.co/7IIQEh7xXv
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
RT @WhiteHouse: Today @POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi, to the White House. https://t.co/MIi1ifmdAN
RT @WhiteHouse: #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American…
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp; burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero \"tapes\" of T people colluding. There is no collusion &amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to \"rock the boat.\" He didn't \"choke,\" he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump it's an assault on the American people…
RT @FoxNews: New Poll Shows @POTUS Approval at 50 Percent\nhttps://t.co/FRWlSVvxzQ
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: https://t.co/8kmcA6YtFD https://t.co/EhrP4BiJeB
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela &amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦\n➡️… https://t.co/770OJj2uYb
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes &amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡️… https://t.co/L3u5c8Iymh
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br… https://t.co/b0roksHTFE
Congratulations! \n\n'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' https://t.co/aIRllxNLQA
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… https://t.co/7lZGgDJkxZ
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills &amp; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
RT @foxandfriends: .@GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony https://t.co/kfeXKdpJGe
RT @foxandfriends: \"Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!\n➡️… https://t.co/NIIorkSRJN
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! \n➡️… https://t.co/RnNp9q7Tdh
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his \"no reason to be alarmed\" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp; seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families &amp; God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation… https://t.co/Z5YCpaRV6t
RT @netanyahu: Ever Stronger\nחזקים תמיד\n🇮🇱🇺🇸 https://t.co/Ecf5p4HjfZ
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. \n#NationalPoliceWeek\nWatch… https://t.co/3EioVDCTqb
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… https://t.co/ohXXgTNtWB
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:\nIn two weeks, Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp; wealth in our country.\nEO1: https://t.co/XJggnJAiPi \nEO2:… https://t.co/2iEten4SVl
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. https://t.co/rEJi9ahOaY
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: https://t.co/762SqgdLMV #ICYMI- My statement last night at… https://t.co/vrqqFDi8En
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… https://t.co/AUdJgxXiT4
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!\n#BuildTheWall
#CongratsPeggy! https://t.co/e1q36nKT8g
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC &amp; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!\n\n'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'\nhttps://t.co/JUxhO3oqjO
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%\nhttps://t.co/vjZkGTyQb9
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% https://t.co/TruX3WzR3U
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: \"REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS\" by Michael J. Knowles.
\"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!\" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday! https://t.co/nz7vucugx9
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… https://t.co/RM9lfTaePS
Thank you @USNavy! #USA https://t.co/oD7L8vPgjq
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… https://t.co/9mRaGvcPHz
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… https://t.co/QLC0qFD94x
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: \"There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.\" @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. \"Spied on before nomination.\" The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for \n#WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us &amp; #LIUB.… https://t.co/tR3hqqyWvv
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/3QsBsib6kt
Congratulations Eric &amp; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! https://t.co/s0T3cTQc40
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College &amp; lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… https://t.co/mg0A4Hq3bD
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… https://t.co/bMYph832hF
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp; @SecPriceMD. Watch: https://t.co/5ayQ4dr8Ip #ReadTheBill:… https://t.co/1cQI0ZBUv8
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
RT @foxnation: .@realDonaldTrump's First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report: https://t.co/rx4bgI1MWK
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! https://t.co/BNSLvKiEVj
45,000 construction &amp; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Buy American &amp; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'\nhttps://t.co/adBzWhtq8S
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:\nhttps://t.co/Soebxtg2Zd
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… https://t.co/60jigi6ffS
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's &amp; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th… https://t.co/wAoCOaYeZ6
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! https://t.co/WKgF8Zo9ri
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. https://t.co/bFAHPRXHdP
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! https://t.co/kZdHqaNTVR
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories &amp; sources!
Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… https://t.co/Bh7SrNEgz1
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the \"bad\" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad \"dudes\" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews \"Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand.\" Oh really, couldn't do...
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. https://t.co/8kvQ1PzPAf
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
\"groveling\" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never \"mocked\" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called \"Unprecedented\" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016 \n\nTue: West Allis, WI. \n\nThur: Hershey, PA. \n\nFri: Orlando, FL. \n\nSat: Mobile, AL. \n\nTickets:… https://t.co/OJ8S7iVzFx
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch \"hackers\" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
#ThankYouTour2016 \n\n12/6- North Carolina\nhttps://t.co/79AHq3NC0v\n\n12/8- Iowa\nhttps://t.co/1IuRTVwMSx\n\n12/9- Michiga… https://t.co/vcQaIJ8qoB
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to \"tweet.\" Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… https://t.co/OJKuDFhP3r
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. https://t.co/HTgPXfPWeJ
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! https://t.co/Ej0LmMK3YU
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'\nhttps://t.co/ll8QIW9SqW
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'\nhttps://t.co/6rVuDUehZq
'Why Trump' https://t.co/RpwIYB7aOV
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ tomorrow!\nWatch:… https://t.co/jZzfqUZNYh
On my way! https://t.co/6L2ILD6r8h
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/EUo0keWX1Y
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!\nWatch here:… https://t.co/ig62Kjkkvl
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: https://t.co/Nid8qcFTwY https://t.co/WOsEcjM8sm
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… https://t.co/qbcJZAzw6z
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… https://t.co/cSdGkCFYRL
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… https://t.co/ek8Cn3CgTr
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: https://t.co/LJYGIK7Mri\n\nNEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm: https://t.co/BcErCtsPdF
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!\nWatch: https://t.co/pjXELwc5E1
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail https://t.co/gaXOWVI0Xa
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: https://t.co/2mDQCs6coB https://t.co/gN7BYfLD9K
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;https://t.co/CZ1QmzCxwO
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… https://t.co/aHltfG7U4I
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp\nhttps://t.co/6qOO7FZSvF
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!\n\nGrand Rapids at 12pm:\nhttps://t.co/xFPRNF7pnF\n\nWarren at 3pm:\nhttps://t.co/DREwbH7ZVd https://t.co/iyXwiP0rvd
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out &amp; VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp\nWatch rally:… https://t.co/K2RSgt2Zh5
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/mQRkfMG80j
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'\nhttps://t.co/sTreHAfYUH
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!\n\nSanford at 3pm:\nhttps://t.co/PZENw9Kheg\n\nTallahassee at 6pm:\nhttps://t.co/WKI69e1bqD
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… https://t.co/zgwqhy2jBX
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp &amp; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… https://t.co/mPzVrcaR9L
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AG… https://t.co/PSTcOei5t1
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' https://t.co/1GVq74iW8a
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:… https://t.co/eLunEQRxZq
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'\n#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp\nhttps://t.co/IkeqMRjX5z
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out &amp; VOTE- lets #MAGA! \nEARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… https://t.co/MgJxNbxRga
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!\nRASMUSSEN NATIONAL \nTrump 43%\nClinton 41% https://t.co/jIOR7Bq816
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' https://t.co/U0w99gfyKE
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary\nhttps://t.co/eHsuBdi8XM
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. \nLets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! \nFull Naples rally… https://t.co/5ZbteSJ00K
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'\nhttps://t.co/JC25rNtx6G
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: https://t.co/uKh5sCFfrv
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: https://t.co/rVh4ocgx3r
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: https://t.co/wVJZTjY8bA https://t.co/JUBRu4mqCE
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA \nTickets: https://t.co/ktFk8RuaUK
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d… https://t.co/kuinRTImVJ
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
\"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash\"\nhttps://t.co/qZPPX0LO4X https://t.co/NsWbJN01Uu
\"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal\" https://t.co/XkmcKeyRPJ
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami… https://t.co/oEoFIA8Rym
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails\nhttps://t.co/A3mCNBLCsO
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable. https://t.co/D7kpxlQPwU
🚨BREAKING🚨: \"State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents\"\nhttps://t.co/GYYaneeysA
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! https://t.co/FgGxDsS0a1
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
\"@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump https://t.co/sNEEB2n2TE\"
\"@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. https://t.co/tcKzmIKpfS\" Terrible
\"@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: https://t.co/1iQCMd25Dz\"
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
Is this really America? Terrible! https://t.co/WiwC61PIFu
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their \"focus group\" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you!\n#MAGA #AmericaFirst https://t.co/4peQ3Sswdz
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. https://t.co/oFRfNY2rUY
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  \nhttps://t.co/2llBltf0mE https://t.co/wBmVxf1a9D
RT @mike_pence: Congrats to my running mate @realDonaldTrump on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA.
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree @realDonaldTrump WON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA https://t.co/EmwDZ32uAZ
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debates
RT @TeamTrump: It’s US vs. them! @realDonaldTrump will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:\n✅Eliminate excessive regulations! \n✅Lean government!\n✅Lower taxes!\n#Debates … https://t.co/OchcnuSAgR
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that \"dark unaccountable money\" into her campaign. #debates
RT @TeamTrump: \"She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people.\" - @RealDonaldTrump #BigLeag…
RT @KellyannePolls: After a decent first debate, @HillaryClinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
RT @DanScavino: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!\n#TrumpTrain #Debates2016 https://t.co/2Nt9ID3tV7
@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-\n\n\"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE\" -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
FACT ✔️ on “red line” in Syria: HRC \"I wasn’t there.\" Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13. https://t.co/4yZjH3TR5B
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton had her chance and she BLEW IT. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates https://t.co/d2MI0DCg5Y
RT @TeamTrump: \"We are going to be THRIVING again.\" - @realDonaldTrump #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/CaFOF7jS7k
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 https://t.co/f6BxYyRJID
This is the definition of ransom ⬇ https://t.co/370piI2JLp
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Is @realDonaldTrump debating Crooked @HillaryClinton or the moderators, @AC360 and @MarthaRaddatz? #rattledhillary
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. https://t.co/Y2Dx7xyBBs
Here are Hillary Clinton's \"accomplishments\" at the State Department.\n#Debates2016 #RattledHillary https://t.co/iouuqXYAdq
RT @TeamTrump: #RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPS↔️FLOPS?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debat…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level. @realDonaldTrump is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! #D…
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone… https://t.co/A5JDkz1eCE
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!\nhttps://t.co/ZwIkqNH2FX
\"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION\"\n@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 https://t.co/oI2qi2HAdO
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… https://t.co/pHEjp8bZVP
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 https://t.co/ueq7cbOg9Y
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- \"WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.\"\n@Mike_Pence #MAGA https://t.co/FUQzXlyPwY
RT @TeamTrump: ONLY @realDonaldTrump will end what even @BillClinton called a CRAZY SYSTEM. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate https://t.co/cgoqZLDXDV
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀 \n#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/dalk9JKcFg
RT @realDonaldTrump: ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!\n#Debates2016 https://t.co/4arYZcGgYZ
RT @TeamTrump: We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is “the craziest thing in the world.” #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/v2yo6pSYoB
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 https://t.co/vhOLtHrR66
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you believe @HillaryClinton is the one who owes America an apology! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates https://t.co/KcmDedSUTw
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth\nhttps://t.co/oY2YSPz7nB
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
RT @TeamTrump: Quite simply, @HillaryClinton mistreats women. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate2016\nhttps://t.co/zhgrulIctf https://t.co/wHtwtnCxxQ
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is here to talk about the REAL issues #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 https://t.co/C5OF7HdJz6
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton just claimed she has a \"positive, optimistic view\" for America. #Debates https://t.co/hOWJYZbD7v
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!\nAmbridge: https://t.co/TujWDWcgd3\nWilkes-Barre:… https://t.co/TeIeCttUpP
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… https://t.co/0iAeiPYEhO
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! \n#TrumpRally #AmericaFirst\nhttps://t.co/3KWOl20zMm https://t.co/rFAf7xYNhy
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA \nTickets: https://t.co/pWTYv9BbUE
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally\nhttps://t.co/3P3QZxzSPJ
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… https://t.co/8mVInc82E9
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney\nSpeech transcript:… https://t.co/VtUkDgF4vs
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! \nFull transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:\nhttps://t.co/Xb1yyDSNNf https://t.co/WdKK6nJCZW
RT @DanScavino: Join @realDonaldTrump on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as @TeamTrump manages rapid response…
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!\n#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
RT @KellyannePolls: #Polls showing @realDonaldTrump surging, @hillaryclinton #slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: https://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW. \n#TrumpTrain… https://t.co/xDGCwYVK0Q
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the \"King,\" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' https://t.co/ATBY343pS1
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: https://t.co/E5BdTiwlur
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
\"@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
\"@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends  @realDonaldTrump he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work! https://t.co/oGcJL4N454
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/p68GAJdhwu
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst https://t.co/cGwDLSOFUt
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA https://t.co/r0cwJlV38L
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst\nVideo: https://t.co/RNl7cfzkmN https://t.co/ZqRtbV4KRI
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! https://t.co/FAldS5zZi5
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
\"@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support @realDonaldTrump, as do I. #MAGA by sticking together.
\"@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a @realDonaldTrump fan. Love it.\"
\"@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS @realDonaldTrump  Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big\"
\"@lblackvelvet: @realDonaldTrump We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!\"
\"@CherNuna: @realDonaldTrump It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://t.co/IoYMdjvWHf
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! https://t.co/YzRTPrqrNC
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/vXhcC8PaPy
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
\"@PMNOrlando: @realDonaldTrump I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room.
\"@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump https://t.co/fSBPxZU8Gu via @BreitbartNews\"
\"@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems https://t.co/wm7HV8WPGk via @gatewaypundit
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. https://t.co/EUWhDC644R
Statement on Clinton Foundation:\nhttps://t.co/2twuzrB9om
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
\"@realbill2016: @realDonaldTrump @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll https://t.co/908uLXCIWz\"
\"@Brainykid2010: @shl @realDonaldTrump The ad was actually very good!\"
\"@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K\"
\"@SinAbunz_TM: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16\"
\"@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. https://t.co/pMIHWayMRw\"
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
#AmericasMerkel https://t.co/QFRs4bEUC1
\"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION.\" https://t.co/COZQNt6KVs
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain \nhttps://t.co/bgBGPaKaqI
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
\"Stay on message\" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' https://t.co/I2WqZb5N8P https://t.co/i5S3mtJWpe
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  https://t.co/Acg0hMvrpr
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! https://t.co/R5Z4CGfjqJ https://t.co/XGSIJJQiGJ
Thank you Senator David Perdue!\nhttps://t.co/d0dCUZ20jf https://t.co/LmfiGByFPb
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!\nhttps://t.co/bre8u93vac https://t.co/eKtSXUw51R
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  https://t.co/wQQIHQKsdK
Thank you!  https://t.co/4p0hzpkVWF
Thank you Alex!  https://t.co/c2uIa7mndP
RT @NFIB: .@NFIB encouraged by @realDonaldTrump’s #taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate: https://t.co/JCQCvXj9WC
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: https://t.co/Z80d4MYIg8
#ICYMI: \"Will Media Apologize to Trump?\" https://t.co/ia7rKBmioA
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:\n\nDaytona | 3pm- https://t.co/rJjYUbwiLL\nJacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/zfxeNbr1nq
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. https://t.co/EHRiLkQDWD
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. https://t.co/gJYSSXtpaz
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA https://t.co/iYM3CCWS2z
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA https://t.co/vMf1EPJp4r
Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou https://t.co/WUdY7feRvV
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw
#CrookedHillary \nhttps://t.co/oHI6xrDJU0
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is \"not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down,\" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!\n\nCarson City: https://t.co/28G3RVbFsn\n\nReno: https://t.co/4nLjRGyFYw
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA\n\n3pm in OH: https://t.co/DDg0AUsqRq\n\n7pm in PA: https://t.co/VmSLBvL43l
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16\nhttps://t.co/NOF9Td9BHs https://t.co/WPMBkYjuIm
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16\nhttps://t.co/rwxXhfFsn1 https://t.co/HwqI2iGPDu
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16\nhttps://t.co/4O4yjh7X4O https://t.co/cptBaZbV1v
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nhttps://t.co/EXsoUOsEP4 https://t.co/3ji7a14GSw
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her \"servant\" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Pzs9uwgzam
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!\n#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE \nhttps://t.co/QniZIsGrG8 https://t.co/Kvq6r6WkQ1
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain \nhttps://t.co/TNJMUKImpK https://t.co/iFdqRvaL3q
RT @foxandfriends: STILL AHEAD: @realDonaldTrump joins us at 7am/et! #RNCinCLE https://t.co/TzGbDs88b3
Speech on Veterans' Reform:\nhttps://t.co/XB7RMwesMK
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! https://t.co/4FuPpL5WOM
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 \nTickets: https://t.co/Jj9TmSEoOd https://t.co/Rq6YRHlpib
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. \"Special: Meet the Trumps\" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is \"guilty as hell\" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst https://t.co/Ndb3AQrLtY https://t.co/YhHyQjwJW6
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
\"@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing @realDonaldTrump. Tune in!\"
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
\"@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing &amp; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016🇺🇸 #MAGA
\"@w4djt: \"Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!\" —Donald Trump #dtmag https://t.co/NpYI9i4iSG\"
\"@brazosboys: Hillary read \"sigh\" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: https://t.co/ENXliW2m77 @FoxNews
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: https://t.co/T1fVcu3mEC
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: https://t.co/t31ReRSzzy
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. https://t.co/DrVa65X9rI
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  https://t.co/THKJwjNkaz
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: https://t.co/cITm8BPixD
RT @AnnCoulter: Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to…
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: https://t.co/WD1LGFKx3M https://t.co/T7yHSdCeU8
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/rOvTapLnWG https://t.co/PyHiy7vjO6
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.https://t.co/sRCF1H3rjg
RT @IvankaTrump: My next project is pretty amazing…!\nxx, Ivanka https://t.co/Ucq3dz20sQ https://t.co/f60biSURQ7
Thank you Diamond and Silk! https://t.co/qdsLUy2hqD
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. https://t.co/od7vsDMlHY
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering https://t.co/b08FcMlgkr https://t.co/RCDeLvHQqD\"
\"@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.\"
\"@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG https://t.co/pfVXQ8NdZu\" So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
\"@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally https://t.co/ZZl2sc29dn\" A great day in D.C.!
\"@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 \"Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.\"  https://t.co/KKIgM4rNma https://t.co/1cEZ8wG7Cy\"
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
Join me in California or Montana!\n5/25/16: Anaheim, California\nhttps://t.co/mmPck1HYrC\n5/26/16: Billings, Montana\nhttps://t.co/atvrCgjFDe
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure\nwait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of\nour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? https://t.co/8ZtEIWNqz4
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. \nhttps://t.co/qkK3LJPoQQ
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ \"The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump\"  https://t.co/xm45Ia1GTu
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said \"Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries.\" I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/SZyZ8GkF23
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq \"For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump\"  https://t.co/3diVyaiw2Q
RT @greta: interesting poll results so far (and go vote on https://t.co/0Zv2YvEdRX) https://t.co/BnsRf9GSxC
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/ygD2z6EnhY\nhttps://t.co/Z2yVlmHl8o
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/ihDWRMdy98\nhttps://t.co/VSStoanoDb
\"@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo @realDonaldTrump  Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA https://t.co/dFDvYQrN1v\"
\"@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realDonaldTrump IS the reason they are losers
\"@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@RichBooth6: @realDonaldTrump @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight.\" Thank you.
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
\"@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball &amp; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realDonaldTrump will EXPAND #GOP
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/PvhGP2HmbN
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via @forbes https://t.c…
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out &amp; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/j07c4oYryG
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 https://t.co/AeGyODb37O
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/HtwD1FGn9e
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to \"dealing with men who get off the reservation.\" Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/RYWjgPh9Ja
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!\n#PAPrimary #VoteTrump\nhttps://t.co/Qva1QtmhpS https://t.co/CF9SYBqka7
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!\n#RIPrimary #VoteTrump \nhttps://t.co/V0d4CuS1xf https://t.co/GU3p28VMe0
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP https://t.co/wqfQMEMQOj
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! https://t.co/KyxbaW4fsL
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
\"@DiamondandSilk: .@realDonaldTrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget &amp; ahead of schedule.
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!\n#Trump2016 #NYPrimary\nTickets available: https://t.co/VGCdQubia1
Tune in &amp; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain \nhttps://t.co/rY5zqUX9Wu
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. https://t.co/gLuMitRitg
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention https://t.co/WLkmYjJJR9
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by\npoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! https://t.co/wNXRqVl9Uu
\"@AnnesLimo: @realDonaldTrump @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.\"  Great people, thank you!
\"@WVTTS1017: @realDonaldTrump just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.\"  Thank you!
\"@autoprofessor17: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain\"
\"@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k &amp; own the news cycle\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary\nhttps://t.co/AoTBAQgcZr https://t.co/2C4HEwrTQF
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! https://t.co/Bf95GysWDN
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!\nhttps://t.co/RuuTippjw1
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary\nhttps://t.co/xk2cVAz0eY https://t.co/7umXgUjEzi
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary \nhttps://t.co/4x9gw1RhWS https://t.co/syGyqtOebs
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016\nTickets: https://t.co/L0PmEwdRxn https://t.co/F7P4s6oAzN
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
\"@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!\"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
\"@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals: @realDonaldTrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749\" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called \"leaders\" ever learn!
\"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story\" \nvia the Gateway Pundit: https://t.co/batAmur1FD
\"@nellalda: @realDonaldTrump We stand by Trump 100%\"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
\"@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary @realDonaldTrump will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/VWIJ7jUTaV\"
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
\"@BarronG510: @realDonaldTrump The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.\"
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump \nVideo: https://t.co/wG4RgOi1bW https://t.co/oAXBvcKIsr
Just received from @PeteRose_14. \nThank you Pete! #VoteTrump on \nTuesday Ohio! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/UvP03n7dQq
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. #TrumpTrain \n\nhttps://t…
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: \nhttps://t.co/cNe0skpB5i
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- \nnobody grows them better. As \nPresident, I will protect your market. https://t.co/kqx8un1jnw
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted \"excellent\" reviews. https://t.co/JGTD590pKE
\"@justin_sellers: Setup is underway @realDonaldTrump rally in Madison. #MSPrimary https://t.co/1HLgixbqia\" Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. https://t.co/KKHiBH554d
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! https://t.co/Zg0OhOdtkV
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! https://t.co/aTIXHgK32N
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico.\" https://t.co/I6mhYnAcZ3
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: https://t.co/tzHtny48nQ https://t.co/BpKZcISeKi
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!\n#Trump2016 Video: https://t.co/8hDC0YUobe https://t.co/o0EB479uEF
\"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York\"\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/fQR48CVIbt
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/yFhZd55GD9
Thank you America! Get out &amp; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ypLELkprpu https://t.co/XKU8R5b8Lo
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you @SenatorSessions!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/Szs0QF88HR https://t.co/UL6t60TTjP
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out &amp; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/rOkldN7dat
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: https://t.co/1JEdwPPCux https://t.co/56gkQTM7oc
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
\"@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016\"
\"@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and @realDonaldTrump has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
\"@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP\"
\"@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!\"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
\"@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator: https://t.co/aUSzSnOzlm https://t.co/bCRelzywxk\"
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/wHfraU67yX https://t.co/WqvxMwJk2S
Thank you for your continued support!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/cykncrrSRE
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: https://t.co/9PGo56YTqt\n#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private \"Eminent Domain\" --- Just another clueless politician! \nhttps://t.co/yZT3lSutt9
Jeb used Eminent Domain &amp; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)\nhttps://t.co/eiBCld77tV
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
\"@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, &amp; take back our country
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN\nhttps://t.co/p4XCxNkXQO
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!\n#FITN #VoteTrumpNH https://t.co/pRpcxaZ7ov
RT @foxandfriends: \"Jeb is a weak guy.\" @EricTrump\nhttps://t.co/w8YuC5bApY
RT @foxandfriends: .@DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates\nhttps://t.co…
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video: https://t.co/YwZdQdzKcz https://t.co/lBXXyuZAcO
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary https://t.co/4m6dabtxCV
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 https://t.co/HVfhtJ6O6Z
RT @kevcirilli: CEDAR RAPIDS --\n\nTRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:\n\n\"I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again.\"
RT @ErinBurnett: Sat down w/ @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr here in Iowa.  Talked God, @realDonaldTrump late night tweets https://t.co/zLFMx4r5…
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump\n11am WATERLOO: https://t.co/DGw5Yk2iSi\n1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS: https://t.co/6WZTqOy4TW https://t.co/yyjQ1iFT2x
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
\"@realDonaldTrump &amp; @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM\"
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ https://t.co/S7QmDkv2sg
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!\n#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/xd9iG0uh4l https://t.co/ocIpo2DInT
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- https://t.co/UpQ3LkUUpm
RT @AnnCoulter: RUMSFELD: Trump \"has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do.\" - https:/…
RT @GeraldoRivera: #NewYork tromps #Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu…
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n3:00pm: https://t.co/cWQKRAgqfX \n7:30pm: https://t.co/v2Ejh0TweS
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 \nVideo: https://t.co/rx7aOQqN7y
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL\nThank you! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/sbzp75EPSq
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
\"@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump\"
\"@red77angelluis: @realDonaldTrump @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!\"
\"@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump.\"
\"@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #trump2016
\"@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! https://t.co/YrLGb7wXyh
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: https://t.co/NXWNOcWZgc https://t.co/52E3LU3W77
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/XUWGANbq8k https://t.co/aEMUMqSoWm
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. https://t.co/gBnsNgomom
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH &amp; IA radio ad: https://t.co/NqJJVdapnG
\"@pbralick: @BenKissel great on @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @JoNosuchinsky too\"  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 https://t.co/Z9zbKfXJqb
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/19sshZ8dSu
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/KSguIhkIwa
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 https://t.co/sfuuVrx33E
RT @JoeNBC: Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on \"women's rights\" https://t.co…
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
\"@RhettRiley1234: Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
\"@icareeguns: This #Iowan is voting for @RealDonaldTrump #IACaucus. Thank you for supporting IOWA! https://t.co/w0zb668avg\"  My great honor
Thank you! #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/dTL7uybyeH https://t.co/yhQUQiuswl
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: https://t.co/yawywElMwa
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
\"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!\"  Thank you.
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
NPR's @NealConan said \"schlonged\" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: \"That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls.\" #Hypocrisy
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about \"the video\" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... https://t.co/qg3uo1hm1J\"  Here we go!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' https://t.co/jCxqfVCGB6 https://t.co/sk713ir5NQ
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, \"we are finally where we need to be.\" Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is \"going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst.\" She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
\"@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want @realDonaldTrump, not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%\"
\"@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Fd48umfyCw
\"@Themyamccurry: Where's @realDonaldTrump when you need em? #MissUniverse2015\"
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
\"@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/yjAIiFuVWm https://t.co/dfH0ABwZk0
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.\nVery nice! #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/cgdLz26mdA
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health: https://t.co/ZDDDawwYVl\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/vqrkZwc2ae https://t.co/vz73TaAjjc
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ \nhttps://t.co/UwTKKhhO3C
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
\"@suzost: UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO] https://t.co/MwQtFzuDpY via @dailycaller\"  Love this from a real winner!
\"@Barbara_NC:  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth &amp; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers https://t.co/B1x6ImsWzU\"
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown https://t.co/1Z9Z4uDWaf
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: https://t.co/HCWU16z6SR https://t.co/d1dhaIs0S7
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/uymSlYv7Jq
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
\"@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!\"
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! \n#RememberOurVets https://t.co/HVrucgzWfs
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- https://t.co/ijaxXpe6xT
\"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI\" https://t.co/UICDNcftJS
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said \"I'm a negotiator like you\" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
\"@WiggintonRandy: @realDonaldTrump He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!\"
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
\"@homefreeee: @realDonaldTrump He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!\"
\"@JFK4701: @realDonaldTrump he is reading off the TelePrompTer.\"  But that is O.K. in this case.
\"@LivNow: THIS IS WHO WE R ☆REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY : https://t.co/1xS5L6UbkY #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN @Carolde\"
\"@10inchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump air strikes? Who's air strikes??\"
\"@dboiarsky: @realDonaldTrump MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! 👍\"
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! https://t.co/TSuU2Xe7EM
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  https://t.co/ADb1Tss9Jg
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
\"@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
\"@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.\"
\"@wompol: @realDonaldTrump @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11\"
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
\"@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!\"
\"@Barber2012Jeff: @realDonaldTrump John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump\" John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
\"@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona.
\"@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA\"
\"@Dmsrcmc12Bob: @realDonaldTrump They should all get on the Trump train!\"  So true!
\"@Born2RunJosh: @realDonaldTrump @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.\"
\"@Antonio92692: @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. https://t.co/6pf1a0yDRa\"  Thank you!
\"@johnwilson12511:   @realDonaldTrump is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS https://t.co/6c1KuhCY6W\"
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
\"@iliveamongyou:  @BostonGlobe: Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy https://t.co/phTAgT5qP6 https://t.co/044xgNYLth\"
\"@DonnySmith557: @realDonaldTrump Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!!\" Thanks.
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! https://t.co/CpsMxs54qv https://t.co/wrDEhXJlvR
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- https://t.co/bkmWFZ9JI9
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nhttps://t.co/TWslpJPQG0
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS https://t.co/rUX57o2BzM
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root https://t.co/1esS0QV46V
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
\"@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
\"@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service.\"
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
\"@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201 @realDonaldTrump you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration\"
\"@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America\"
\"@760_831: @DanSaltsman @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America\"
\"@Parker_Votes: We finally have a voice with  Let’s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy https://t.co/fIl3hXOERS\"
\"@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again\"
\"@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying\"
\"@RealReagan0503: If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow https://t.co/lOppBvYMRy by @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity\"
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  https://t.co/2mIMzNRMOc
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.  https://t.co/mynTMrdTE9
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   https://t.co/2iK0mWpuJx
\"@dlustv: Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat... https://t.co/sNQZv8YPaO\"
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
My interview with @jheil &amp; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. https://t.co/qErQu7CeEH
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? https://t.co/wEhqux6Ss8
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! https://t.co/9M0C0vc2fv
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
\"@trump_world: \"The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! https://t.co/zXl6SyiWdm\" DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@Morning_Joe: Online poll: @realDonaldTrump 'best to handle economy' by far https://t.co/SZvSzNzoIk\"  Very true, thanks!
\"@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You \"heads\" try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!\"
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
\"@LandmanMarius: @realDonaldTrump @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!\"
\"@DAMRON88: @realDonaldTrump @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.\"
\"@Truth_or_Rumor: @realDonaldTrump It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.\"  O.K.!
\"@Tar_Heel_73: @realDonaldTrump We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad @realDonaldTrump will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@HenryTheZebra: @realDonaldTrump America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.\"
\"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  \"@robmo: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trump… #RT #CNN #HBO https://t.co/afbwQCvUDs\"
\"@robmont777: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP @realDonaldTrump. We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! https://t.co/rkppbgre0n\" Great pic
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
\"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump 9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!\" Thank you!
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning https://t.co/9NbOEguzU1
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
\"@CindyBl: I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4 @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP https://t.co/BAPJGbR4ho\"
\"@hoosierclinger: Good job @realDonaldTrump for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?\"
\"@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon @realDonaldTrump. The more I hear Trump the more I like him!\"
\"@DanSaltsman: @realDonaldTrump @Ford @crainsdetroit @detnews @CNBC https://t.co/k2JFVTDDbW Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
\"@radioworldsv:Tomorrow on TODAY @MLauer moderates @realDonaldTrump town hall, live from New Hampshire. #TrumpTODAY https://t.co/SqzsV2K2zh
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
\"@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician\"
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. https://t.co/JA1Fo5H6FP
Via @IBTimes: \"Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses\"\nhttps://t.co/a9s6mHsk07
Interesting reading re September 11th http://t.co/eFgd00dZQO
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! \nhttp://t.co/fnRIXJWCVf
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- http://t.co/d2PlEBk3m2
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
\"@joshdill64: Our passion for @realDonaldTrump is amazing! https://t.co/mOoXkbhaVC\"
\"@aldeguer_elsa:  @American1st @ofccadjust @AnnCoulter @JebBush HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump http://t.co/P5Oh6fhMIa\"
\"@TMoody: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? @JebBush http://t.co/FsHOXrj6cV\"
\"@SweetFreedom29: Hey @realDonaldTrump --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted ‘Leaky’ Immigration Led to 9/11 http://t.co/Jmm7wd32UD #tcot\"  WOW!
\"@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump\"
\"@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED\"
\"@lwentzel1: Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is http://t.co/IuMDrygxbO by @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!\"
\"@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.\"
\"@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃
\"@rikemohome: @GeorgeWill @FoxNewsSunday   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE. http://t.co/V48wKD9Tot WHAT A LIAR!!\"
\"@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I don't think @NBC will cave. They've seen ratings soar with @realDonaldTrump and Money matters!\"
\"@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort
\"@connie_lee1: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. https://t.co/hFDFvwMY7Q
Via RealClear Politics  http://t.co/U7JPpgszvn
\"@CFT1 @realDonaldTrump doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
\"@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises \"good guy\" Trump and his \"upstanding\" and \"grounded\" kids http://t.co/sewrn2VkJ8 http://t.co/oRIPL1xDBG
\"@kausmickey: .@realDonaldTrump was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 http://t.co/nVgWXaYhUN\"  So true!
\"@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.\"  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
\"@Forbes: “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.”  Nice!
\"@TODAYshow: \"We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall.\" -@SavannahGuthrie\"  So true!
\"@WayneDupreeShow: HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal http://t.co/AsRJp5AcmZ\"
\"@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time.\" Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York. http://t.co/lvx5SEhQVv
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
\"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy\"  by Wayne Allyn Root. http://t.co/MmFJeGRNf8
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!http://t.co/kDOyCqwuqI
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks. http://t.co/SXUUL7l8vp https://t.co/FbNl1G5Awg
\"@SpurrellJulie  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for @realDonaldTrump !!\"
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- http://t.co/FxtUQNXEFH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference\n#Trump2016  https://t.co/DQQS5d9R3O
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
\"@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about @realDonaldTrump are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !\"
\"@fanodale: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty\"
\"@JodiL792: @DefendingtheUSA @america_trump @60Minutes Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan&amp;now Trump\"
\"@yang_karl: All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.\"
\"@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump @ScottPelley Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016\"
\"@JennaLeeUSA: When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - @realDonaldTrump replies: \"It's cheaper than wall paper...\" Ha!
\"@SkyeShepard: Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security\"
\"@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.\"
\"@greta: . @realDonaldTrump announces his tax plan tomorrow morning http://t.co/bQ0Xjs63XH\"
\"@Rketeltas: @realDonaldTrump While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.\"
\"@midwestcaucus:  @60Minutes Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
\"@MeOnAJourney @realDonaldTrump Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016\"
\"@truthshallbe: @60Minutes @realDonaldTrump Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.\"
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. https://t.co/DAEomTNoMq
\"@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message @realDonaldTrump\"
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC http://t.co/hJHO1Rk06y
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump http://t.co/RfWQdDPB33
I just wrapped up a Q&amp;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump http://t.co/zpbcRHfxy6
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump http://t.co/zElKKmMjTU
.@MarieLeff #asktrump http://t.co/ufCLFKeFrN
.@joycefinance #asktrump http://t.co/P8CwErG0lt
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump http://t.co/I7AaH7AVRw
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump http://t.co/x2j6yiaBzU
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump http://t.co/qVakUzXZAb
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump http://t.co/gjudtw87K7
.@EliseChristine #asktrump http://t.co/KV1NPNYJTC
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump http://t.co/6uShpC3BM2
.@dixierhilton #asktrump http://t.co/dbK8jckT5s
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. http://t.co/MiSqyasjhu
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
Jeb has been confused for forty years- https://t.co/MoqjlnwryJ
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! http://t.co/n7lO0llhK8
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!\n   \n  http://t.co/YAZyKwVxNJ
\"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
\"@linley4067_jane: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.\"
\"@mickelsenkyle: @TODAYshow could you make your interview with @realDonaldTrump any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@talsept58: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You are great!!\"
\"@Dis_labeledVet: @realDonaldTrump here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim https://t.co/UqkW16u3Kz
\"@JohnSte38475254: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?\"
\"@nunyabus1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you go trumpy, don't back down\"  I won't.
\"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
\"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel\"
\"@PaulkDebra: @TODAYshow @realDonaldTrump I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!\"
\"@MNTwisterChaser: Thanks @SavannahGuthrie and @NBCNews for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
\"@SaijoSaijo75: @realDonaldTrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!\"
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! http://t.co/oiPQsJt7fh
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. https://t.co/hzlkPLebET
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.  https://t.co/0wKLnSIss6
\"@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!\"
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!\nhttp://t.co/mRHdW7dOws
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
\"@georgeokc: @realDonaldTrump @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.\"
\"@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realDonaldTrump I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k\" Thank you!
\"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except \"jobs\" pres @realDonaldTrump!
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
\"@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized http://t.co/RTANPzuwU2\" Not good!
\"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio &amp; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except \"jobs\" @realDonaldTrump.
\"@kylesteckel: @club4growth @realDonaldTrump The letter is out, liars.\"
\"@afievoli: @realDonaldTrump We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!\"
\"@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!\"
\"@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere\"
\"@soz58: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
\"@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  http://t.co/23mmupZcLw\"
\"@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump\"
\"@jackson3pack: @realDonaldTrump @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.\"
\"@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@broewads: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.\"
\"@1ns1de_J9b: @realDonaldTrump @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract \"donations\" from others\"
\"@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization\"
\"@SlwStdySqueeze: @realDonaldTrump is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump\" Thank you.
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
\"@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy @realDonaldTrump: He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
\"@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes http://t.co/EnXVS8WaGi No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realDonaldTrump our support. He's the leader.\"
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  https://t.co/VA4rHFO9Eh
See, I told you so http://t.co/UOC8xu11z3
This is no \"act of love\" as Jeb Bush said… https://t.co/K4FKTKpaTI
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
\"@nodramahea: @realDonaldTrump Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016\"
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Via The Brody File: \"The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump\"  Thank you David &amp; CBN News--so nice.   http://t.co/XSbTUXxs7K
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. http://t.co/UbprPUWHQ9
Thank you Greta. https://t.co/dty0C6K6fz
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- https://t.co/y3SSyF7xxX
Depression- be careful of China! https://t.co/6BGk0ZjKwT
\"@sweetspottrader: only @realDonaldTrump can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016\" Perhaps so!
\"@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
\"@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
\"@john_franco: When people start losing their savings &amp; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW --- it is selling fast!
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
\"@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!\"
\"@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill &amp; @krauthammer - watch and learn
\"@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The @realDonaldTrump shamers can't win against El Rushbo
\"@paulfincher2: I truly believe @realDonaldTrump is America's best choice to get our economy back on course &amp; create needed jobs.
\"@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for @realDonaldTrump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need @realDonaldTrump as president ASAP.\"
\"@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 #Trump2016\"
\"@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realDonaldTrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz.
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! http://t.co/wZiNNsvZx2
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! http://t.co/2mZlN3UO94
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! https://t.co/0k0Y0pgbhC
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!http://t.co/8Hg7f5Q2jE
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
\"@Libsaredemfools: @realDonaldTrump: No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!\"
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- http://t.co/3aSLoZYDLx
\"@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more &amp; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear &amp; understand, He loves USA\"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. http://t.co/sAVTGaswcl
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
\"@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for @realDonaldTrump ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@lynn_weiser: @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!\"
\"@jordanallen21: @realDonaldTrump you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016\"
Bush is pretending that the \"Trump surge\" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush \"delight\" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
\"@PizzaPartyBen: @realDonaldTrump huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!\"
\"@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.\"
\"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP\"
\"@MalachiNorris: @realDonaldTrump will win every state in 2016. http://t.co/GTQtZ7yWTb\"
\"@jesuspacheco58: @realDonaldTrump I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016\"
\"@tudybone4: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Great.
\"@BDubLasVegas: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: \"Polls show [@realDonaldTrump would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today.\" http://t.co/OOtx0Rqwjs\"
\"@BigBrett45: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....\"
\"@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country &amp; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.\"
\"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP\"
\"@TeamFallowwBack: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 💯💯💯💯\"
\"@adair_ariel: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it!\"
\"@WreckThisPro: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.\"
\"@AliasHere: RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!\"
\"@squirtlong: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!\"
\"@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!\" Thanks
\"@brady2edelman: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
\"@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching. @realDonaldTrump 2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : http://t.co/5ED5TFC6xc\"
\"@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!\" Thanks.
\"@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
\"@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
\"@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! @realDonaldTrump's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling\" http://t.co/r2FOMm5Tr0
\"@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole @realDonaldTrump The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
\"@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl @realDonaldTrump He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 http://t.co/WgVNBFK4ik\"
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
\"@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/lVNSZmY9La\"
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
\"@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed &amp; calls out their lies\"
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% https://t.co/WsA3Jnjhwa
\"@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\"
Thanks Lou. https://t.co/hDm7MrrwTD
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” http://t.co/nyYk3DBXD5 via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon &amp; @reidepstein
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” http://t.co/UARuXLir8b
\"@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to @realDonaldTrump because they're tired of all the usual BS\"
Thanks. https://t.co/xU5h2BwojR
\"@Read_my_note No wonder why @realDonaldTrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!\"
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
\"@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is speaking the truth. #Trump2016\"
\"@scorpio5053 @realDonaldTrump is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White &amp; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01\"
\"@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes\"
\"@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016\"
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
\"@AlexPagliano Caught @realDonaldTrump's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.\"
Thank you, Greta.  https://t.co/CWQZlIBV78
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!http://t.co/L3cKIEDZ2X
\"@rp53pierce: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people\"
\"@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
\"@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!\"
\"@BfgBobgrant: @realDonaldTrump @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.\"
\"@bollweevil51: @realDonaldTrump Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.\"
\"@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.\"
\"@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.\"
\"@Arful1dodger: @realDonaldTrump I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !\"
\"@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.\"
\"@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realDonaldTrump @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again.\"
\"@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.\"
\"@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol @realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead\"
\"@luismp77: @realDonaldTrump Team Trump all the way!\"
\"@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion\"
\"@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!\"  Thank you.
\"@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion\"
\"@amit_ @realdonaldtrump I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.\"
\"@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE\"
\"@Valenti317 @realDonaldTrump the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?\"
\"@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA @realDonaldTrump Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?\"
\"@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty\"
\"@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA &amp; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing\"
\"@DanScavino @realDonaldTrump hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.\"
\"@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why @realDonaldTrump resonates!\"
\" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago! @realDonaldTrump @JohnMcCain\"
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
\"@RW84JR: @realDonaldTrump Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
\"@Jenism101: @realDonaldTrump @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.\"
\"@vettesetter: RT @realDonaldTrump: My @USATOpinion piece: \"Trump: I don't need to be lectured\" http://t.co/ORa0H4A2xJ\"
\"@KathleenLove10: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!\"
\"@andres_3v: @realDonaldTrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica\"
\"@janetaylorann: @realDonaldTrump Will make the best President ever\"
\"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62 @realDonaldTrump @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now??? http://t.co/RdMXfnuBMH\"
\"@97Musick: @realDonaldTrump Voters LIKE \"tough and smart\"... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!\"
\"@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realDonaldTrump Gotta love the honesty\"
\"@kda20151223: @realDonaldTrump trump for president http://t.co/I9VxZ0MlNQ\"
\"@ebalky: @realDonaldTrump that's all the career politicians do is talk\"
\"@GinaandersonRN: @realDonaldTrump ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH\"
\"@sjbatis: @realDonaldTrump Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!\"
\"@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!\"
\"@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them\"
\"@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.\"
My @USATOpinion piece: \"Trump: I don't need to be lectured\" http://t.co/luEYQhgrr9
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”\n  http://t.co/SbeHmuQJak It’s the Bush way!
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's http://t.co/qtmaEbeVy8
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% http://t.co/IXCbCtDUIp
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
\"@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes @realDonaldTrump. The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.\"
Rush Limbaugh: \"Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration\" http://t.co/894aXjRXDn
Have some fun with this- https://t.co/J59RW8tqQX
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. http://t.co/E7UA3eyP5O
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
\"@bdean1468 @jlangdale @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD &amp; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!\"
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, \"Mexico is sending....\", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our \"leaders\" can't say no!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
\"@fernandocarnal @realDonaldTrump @Macys not shopping there again!\"
\"@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN\"
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
\"@tiffyluck: @realDonaldTrump God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.\"
\"@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester &amp; crowd was energized &amp; hungering 4 real leadership.
\"@2big2bereal: @realDonaldTrump donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right\"
\"@LendonDonna: @realDonaldTrump BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support\"
\"@bdean1468: @realDonaldTrump DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident\"
\"@shoegoddesss: @realDonaldTrump Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!\"
\"@BabyPhatRox: @realdonaldtrump The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush\"
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
\"@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot. @realDonaldTrump and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants\"
Statement on Relationship with NBC- https://t.co/BpczGaIGWq
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… https://t.co/7SKav05hnA
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  \"Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel\"\nhttp://t.co/O4yHtwCzbm
\"@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍\"
Remember, Univision apologized!
\"@BrittainShannon: @realDonaldTrump @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil\"
\"@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say \"I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America\"\"
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
\"@hollyammon: @realDonaldTrump @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
\"@MollyCBS2:  @realDonaldTrump will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!\"
\"@jjhrkel: @realDonaldTrump don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!\" I promise!
\"@MalachiNorris: I know @realDonaldTrump will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016
\"@agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realDonaldTrump @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength\"
\"@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump
\"@KevinGalyon: @realDonaldTrump i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader\" Thank you.
\"@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realDonaldTrump \" doesn't support the latinos \" if u do i'll paypal u $1k.\"
\"@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO\"
\"@Jaguar11d: @realDonaldTrump Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job\"
\"@DynamyteBeats: @realDonaldTrump is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thank you.
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” http://t.co/uiMCfHmtMU via @CBSNews
Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” http://t.co/Cjz7p3hFPX
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/DB4q4J2gKn
\"@troubic  I'm definitely voting for @realDonaldTrump I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!\"
\"@luckydoginwesty: @realDonaldTrump @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump\"
\"@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.\"
True. https://t.co/wjffOyAxZM
\"@nojoed: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time.\" True.
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 http://t.co/R2bpNbRQRX  Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/WASlyxbG1j
It's time for government to stop picking winners &amp; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
\"@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on @realDonaldTrump winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016 https://t.co/vzLZgJOEQC …\"
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
\"Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers\" http://t.co/e16f6FM8uQ
\"@carsonbonner @realDonaldTrump A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016\"
\"@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.\"
Thank you. https://t.co/l4g1VmXsCn
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
\"@williamonlyrent @realDonaldTrump Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.\"
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
\"@cota2012: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better\"
\"@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016\"
\"@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
\"@sallyvp: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.\"
\"@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16\"
\"@lauralynn1955: @realDonaldTrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced.\" Bill O is great.
\"@kirkcameronfan: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American\"
\"@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
\"@pbstwo: @realDonaldTrump @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic.\" True.
\"@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence &amp; leadership is runnig for president Mr @realDonaldTrump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@joncford: @realDonaldTrump @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!\"
\"@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016\"
\"@JPJAC: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???\"  Good question!
\"@hyannis1952: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!
\"@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up &amp; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!\"
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
\"@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!\"
\"@MrBrentAllen: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!\"
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
\"@Auburnfan2155: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it.\" True!
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thanks.
\"@JakeKonczyk: @realDonaldTrump @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. https://t.co/sbUVyBG6KE
Great! https://t.co/U7G3tR4nFS
Thanks.  https://t.co/feCMQ53SwE
\"@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but @realDonaldTrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow\"
Will do, thanks.  https://t.co/5Zc3D8YLNs
Great! https://t.co/8O3eTKjZrd
Thanks.  https://t.co/qh8TxiZPlX
LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/H8lRtZBGEb
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pDMndTOVvc
\"@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES
\"@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@fyrftr211: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!\"
\"@MediciMario: @realDonaldTrump Pls run u would be great!\"
\"@FuturisticHub: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly @realDonaldTrump he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf\" Thanks.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
\"@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.― Donald Trump
\"@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump.\" So true!
\"@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea http://t.co/hj7bujG3TG\"
\"@annnotari13: @realDonaldTrump Just Do it!✔️\"
\"@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@puppyslug: I care about are country &amp; that is why ill vote for @realDonaldTrump if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving &amp; FAST\"
\"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great &amp; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016\"
\"@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 http://t.co/MzTBqb1r5R
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. http://t.co/osMVxnwxS8
Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” http://t.co/fpYTPAInv0
Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” http://t.co/pxCk9qSx7g
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
\"@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!\"
June 16th- https://t.co/jYqz5rKooJ
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers \n  Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu http://t.co/Wdl4pd8Y10
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
\"@The_Truth_Sir: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!\"
\"@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps &amp; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!\"
\"@jkellywwip: @realDonaldTrump killed it on @foxandfriends\"
\"@pacsgirl36: @realDonaldTrump run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
\"@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet @realDonaldTrump on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016\"
\"@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/v0n9ZF1ttS http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj\" Thank you.
\"@entreprenershp: As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump\"
\"@Great: \"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.
\"@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES \"Donald\" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum &amp; the nanny congress!\"
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
\"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016\"
\"@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.\"  Watch.
\"@tdg_tom: @realDonaldTrump we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.\" Go get 'em!
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!\"
\"@BLG216: @realDonaldTrump We're all very proud of you, Donald .\"
\"@05FXDLI: @realDonaldTrump As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.\"  Thanks.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
\"@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - http://t.co/2j0aQUFQGQ via @PeerIndex #congrats @realDonaldTrump @jimmyfallon
\"@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
\"Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana
Host of the @PGATOUR &amp; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster http://t.co/q09RkCGitz
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! https://t.co/V5dV6FKZeS @TrumpGolf
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup &amp; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” http://t.co/GSj6NtQJWH
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
\"@fackinpeter  @realDonaldTrump im ready for u to make america great again\"
\"@somegirl71 @realDonaldTrump Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!\"
\"@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.\"
\"@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, &amp; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough\"
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq \"was not a mistake.\" He looked clueless!
\"@utkarsh_chheda: @realDonaldTrump @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....\"  Haters and losers!
\"@Rsherfy: @realDonaldTrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....\"
\"@Elgianne: @realDonaldTrump Looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️\"
\"@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” http://t.co/tVEX5w2ZqH Let's Make America Great
\"@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Brian don't try take Trump on with your \"wit\". He got you beat, hands down!\" Brian is terrific
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it\"
\"@monty3251: @realDonaldTrump ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!
\"@anurag7287: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you are the best\"  Thanks.
\"@Kurt_Sengul: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@derbitteractor: @realDonaldTrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war\"
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
\"@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it\"
\"@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016\"  Stay tuned
\"@elifourv: @realDonaldTrump You're really the best, Trump!\"
\"@enoeht85: @realDonaldTrump run #tramp run!!!!\"
\"@AwaisM: @realDonaldTrump please run\"
\"@ardow: @realDonaldTrump Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.\"
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to \"love\" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
\"Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
\"@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, &amp; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing &amp; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best\"
\"@justnise: @realDonaldTrump My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!\"  Thank you.
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
\"@GuyScott33: @realDonaldTrump EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN! http://t.co/yCgsPfPZNY\"
\"@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run @realDonaldTrump run!!! 🙏🏻\"
\"@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realDonaldTrump book !!\"  Great!
\"@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump speak Saturday night in Iowa.\" See you there - record breaking crowd!
\"@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin @RealDonaldTrump pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
\"@Stephanielk1: @realDonaldTrump please save our country!\"
\"@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
\"@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, &amp; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- https://t.co/cuN3EqY3OI
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options http://t.co/is7MQKdeE2
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Deportations are “plummeting” http://t.co/h7atQqDRNA while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” http://t.co/v0dF83ZlGK
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: http://t.co/wy6idgJC3c
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland https://t.co/V1Wz2qYUze
\"@AliWilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run\" @foxandfriends
\"@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!\"@foxandfriends
\"@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et, @realDonaldTrump joins us live!\"
\"@DavidSBaldwin: @realDonaldTrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...\"  Yes, 7:30.
\"@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realDonaldTrump in charge! #donaldforpresident\"
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
\"@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016\"
\"@gatorfan122752: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. We need you\"  Stay tuned.
\"@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream: http://t.co/3o4R6pUZrP #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/HJDStXh9zq
\"@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.\"
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” http://t.co/GDrXb3aDDu
\"@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.\"
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security &amp; Making America Great Again! http://t.co/LD2FarV2Vg
\"@BackOnTrackUSA @realDonaldTrump @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!\"
ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” http://t.co/vsdNEIJz1P
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
\"@haroldrschmidt: @realDonaldTrump @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns\"
\"@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP #Champion
\"@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is @realDonaldTrump #goodmorning trumpy\" Great.
\"@mrsabh: @realDonaldTrump well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir.\"
\"@dusty_radio: @realDonaldTrump U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!\" @foxandfriends
\"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness\"
\"@jelliottkelley: @realDonaldTrump coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan\"
\"@NH1News: .@realDonaldTrump is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!!\" Thanks.
\"@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview!
\"@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!\" Thanks.
\"@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.\"
\"@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!\" @foxandfriends
\"@jodi_mae: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president, You would receive my vote!\"
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” http://t.co/NLJQb8BmZB via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy
\"@necprof: @NewEngCollege is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm. http://t.co/o8C3ei7Sdp #fitn #nhpolitics
Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: “Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz”\n  http://t.co/sDYF7yy5kF
\"@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with @realDonaldTrump on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews\"
\"@IToldYouMonsoon: @realDonaldTrump @JonahNRO @NRO @BretBaier why does @greta put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
\"@suttera2: @realDonaldTrump They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices!\" True!
\"@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump You need to Run For President.\"
\"@woody021072: @realDonaldTrump  Nothing,  as they always do\"
\"@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald\"  Believe me, I would!
\"@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump Tell um to get out the check book Donald\"
\"@ali_khalil7: @realDonaldTrump We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do!\" Agree.
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
\"@alexseeley73 @TrumpSoHo just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details.\" Great, thank you.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. http://t.co/Gktsmo70Jc
\"@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.@realDonaldTrump\" Thank you.
\"@ScottUdine @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....\"  Thanks.
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as \"Best of +VIP Access 2014\" by @Expedia!
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article, “Total Desperation on Iran” http://t.co/AufXRgiR9o
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
\"@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.\"
\"@sven945: .@realDonaldTrump Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!\"
\"@dryan5962: When we need hope @realDonaldTrump is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends\" True!
\"@ddobbs5253: @realDonaldTrump our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!\"
\"@moose_taz: @foxandfriends thinking @realDonaldTrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!\"
\"@robertpatrickmc: You should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning.
\"@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July, @realDonaldTrump will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016\"
\"@hitwit_subroto: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends And I will be watching with great interest.
\"@kenbu1: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Please run for President @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@000HermanSJr000: You always do a #fantastic job @realDonaldTrump. You are indeed a #businessman &amp; #magnate to #emulate.
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
\"@JetRanger69: @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump #MASTERPIECE #CHICAGO http://t.co/k1zD464xxt\"
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
\"@BobbyLCarrier North Charleston, SC   We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @BobCaldwellCHS\"
\"@J_Feeds03: Even if @realDonaldTrump doesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really \"make america great again\" #Trump2016\"
\"@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump you said it best: \"Let's make America great again\" #Trump2016\"
\"@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump The Donald gets things done #Trump2016\"
\"@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump on President Obama's statements in Panama: \"Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.\"\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @tshakro Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians\"
\"@mrsschiff2010: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
\"@ShavaJu: @sternshow Please do another @realDonaldTrump interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!\"
\"@McInnis11: @realDonaldTrump saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016\"
\"@tshakro: @realDonaldTrump should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
\"@10Thurst: @realDonaldTrump we need you as OUR president\"
\"@pare900: @realDonaldTrump Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
\"@PzFeed: The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO: http://t.co/phiV9cFI2U http://t.co/HLn6tNyhY9\"
\"@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!\"
\"@TheBingle:Only reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already &amp; doesn't need aggravation
\"@Josh_leonard99: If America was as successful and planned like @realDonaldTrump we would be in good shape.
\"@slumpcityusa: I bet my mother @realDonaldTrump would be running for president this year... Let's see!!! #Trump2016\" Watch.
\"@DaveCC1109: @realDonaldTrump Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.\"  So true!
\"@ScillieriJr: @alexskoog @realDonaldTrump if he can run america like he runs a business, he'd be a good president\" You mean great.
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
\"@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
\"@ISAACYASS: @realDonaldTrump I know you will do great things for the USA!\"
\"@Buster842: @realDonaldTrump The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.\"
\"@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Via @ProgressIndex: “Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala” http://t.co/SB6yeYQvwP
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: “2016 is the year of Donald Trump” http://t.co/F9KJ19vyJx
Miami’s top destination, @TrumpDoral’s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas http://t.co/SIje6b7rBf
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/BulcK1EBSI
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
\"@majesticljp: @realDonaldTrump it's time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!\"
\"@Doctor_Platek: @realDonaldTrump I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again!\" You are right!
\"@somecooldad: @MrMikeCalta @realDonaldTrump for president\"
\"@belllabooo13: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!\"
\"@maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen\"
\"@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016\"
\"@RealMetman: @realDonaldTrump nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote\"
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
\"@LauraMontaguxox: @realDonaldTrump You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country!\" Thanks.
\"@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare &amp; veterans http://t.co/85z3kFCDwt
Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign, ‘but bigger’” http://t.co/y2IdrfYZML
“US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport” http://t.co/9zLfXM3U4B  via @Daily_Record
Wow, what a nice honor!  http://t.co/93Gdz6T0MF
Via @CBNNews’ @TheBrodyFile: “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” http://t.co/iuivomm565
“@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown” http://t.co/xIsrimoOT0 via @TheScotsman by @DempsterMartin
\"@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident.\"
\"@Politcswatch: @realDonaldTrump I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends\"
\"@foxandfriends: .@realDonaldTrump calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal. http://t.co/FR7y4IPvct\"
\"@JavaMedic: @realDonaldTrump You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends\"
\"@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of @realDonaldTrump thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.\"
\"@Tom38Ts: @realDonaldTrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please\"
\"@danowiggins: @realDonaldTrump I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth.\" Perhaps so!
\"@THETAINTEDT: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016 http://t.co/UlQWGKUrCJ\"
\"@FatRotty: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016\"
\"@megynkelly: #KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am with @realDonaldTrump on set! He joins me at 9p ET – tune in. http://t.co/QUVZt6NceC\"
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
\"@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause\"
“In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government” http://t.co/UbiLFwmcyK via @ConMonitorNews by @AP
ICYMI, “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception” http://t.co/iccd40yKLg via @wmur9
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June”\n  http://t.co/7ySp5oGugR
\"@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations\"
\"@greigaspinall  @realDonaldTrump great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich\"  Thanks.
\"@CahlRStorrie I think @realDonaldTrump is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is.\" @foxandfriends
\"@suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.\"
\"@JohnFulthorpe: America needs @realDonaldTrump He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump\"
\"@NeilWipperman: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Go Team Trump!\"
\"@chingaling3: @realDonaldTrump Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed.\" Thank you.
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
\"@StephenMangan: Enjoying @realDonaldTrump's thinking face http://t.co/MY3fT6k2I9\"
\"@duranshingange1: @realDonaldTrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life.\" Great, you will be very successful!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
\"@KirstyDace: A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting.  http://t.co/eANOCOO6QJ\"
\"@JudyBaldasaro: It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep @Al_Baldasaro &amp; I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH #nhpolitics http://t.co/pNxEacFIpz
\"@BellaNYCMag: “You have to think anyway, so why not think big?” @realdonaldtrump inside the pages of our #Spring… https://t.co/324FollwQG\"
\"@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!\"
\"@JefferyAArnold: #TedCruz for president? Haha. Really @tedcruz? You should run as support for @realDonaldTrump, not as a candidate.\"
\"@TravelBabe78: @realDonaldTrump You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump\"
\"@wizardofwords: @VictoriaJacobs @TrumpToronto  Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto\"
\"@JJJ2323: Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests\"
\"@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump in a heartbeat!!!\"
April is Autism Awareness Month, join\n me in raising awareness - get your\n “Light It Up Blue” sign here!\n #LIUB http://t.co/qezWONTCcE
\"@Mayhemsolis @realDonaldTrump any tips on staying motivated?\" Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- &amp; don't lose momentum.
\"@SamDoyle12 @realDonaldTrump when starting a business, what is the most important aspect?\" Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio &amp; 16 acres of practice facilities. http://t.co/4HukFLVHkb
\"@StuartY19 @realDonaldTrump Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!\"  Great!
\"@fc61e7ca3dac404: @realDonaldTrump a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u\"
\"@JenninBoca: I enjoy seeing @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends. \"President Trump\" has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump @FoxNews\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends i cant wait\"
\"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
\"@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@seajay2uk: @realDonaldTrump @TurnberryBuzz Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig. http://t.co/hrLtFqPZDO\"
\"@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!\"
\"@BritLizHilton: #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great\"
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art\nAndy Warhol
\"@scapesrus  @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !\"  Thank you.
\"@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector?\" Know your territory.
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
\"@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business?\" The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
\"@scottsiebs: Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!  http://t.co/fa7XMxMVib\"
\"@JimmyHanlin: @realDonaldTrump your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @AplemonLemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!\"
\"@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident
\"@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends What a way to start my week! Love it!\"
\"@RippethAmy: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends that's what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” http://t.co/JnGqrDNbSY
Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: \"Q&amp;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf &amp; the Championships\" http://t.co/JhYAqX9ytC
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:\"Donald Trump Slams Liberals In ‘Dishonest Press’: ‘I’m Going To Start Naming Names’\" http://t.co/7uzPNPJ9vK
Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary”\nhttp://t.co/5UKvHykSvR
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look, bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history.  http://t.co/AOc5aQdVvk …
\"@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. @realDonaldTrump\"  True!
\"@JCL30 @realDonaldTrump had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished.\" Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
“‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET” http://t.co/aZmW0Z1lz1  via @fitsnews
Trump to host #Oscars? http://t.co/qnU9o2X8XZ
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 http://t.co/ALH2oa6Avq
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends\"
\"@CatchMeOnForbes: I would love to just chill and talk with @realDonaldTrump about life. Man is a genius!\"  Thanks.
\"@Colleen_VSU: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at #CPAC2015\"  Great.
\"@brwneyesnbama: Great morning, coffee and @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews this morning. Doesn't get much better than that. #foxandfriends\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!\"
\"@brwneyesnbama: I love @realDonaldTrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero\" Thanks.
\"@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!\"
\"@AnnetteNavaret: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DAMN IT!\"
\"@HeatherChilders: @LavelleGerald @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you too Gerald! Thanks for watching!\" Great job Heather!
\"@dryan5962: @realDonaldTrump always on point 👌👌 http://t.co/ctxhNsKVip\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker\"
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
\"@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President\" Thank you.
\"@jwt19723: @realDonaldTrump @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President\"
\"@Amit_D_Ranade::Sir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
\"@YankeeRunnerLV: TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way #Trump2016 #USA\"
\"@darryljirwin: @realDonaldTrump any coincidence finale is on President's Day? #trump2016\"
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
\"@Bravolebrity1 LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Ratings for #CelebrityApprentice have been at an all time high! #1\"
\"@GarnerVideoPros:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Can't Wait! The show is already Great!\"
\"@susansmeltzer: @realDonaldTrump @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera cant wait!!! Took day off. :)\"
\"@Bravolebrity1: #CelebrityApprentice season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show! @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville  @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera\"
Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: \"EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run\"\nhttp://t.co/1DpR2ybPU6
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
\"@RealMissCTusa: Excited to see who will win #CelebrityApprentice next Monday! Such a great season. @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@MikeMarchese_: Monday night...who needs football when you have #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump #YourFired\"
\"@annmcg01: DonaldTrump: Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice” Wouldn't miss it!\"
\"@frankadgpr: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.\"
\"@sassysexylove:  At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice\" I can't wait!\"
\"@justinraay: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #Imeanit\"
\"@XKidd92:  @LeezaGibbons it's going to be very tough because @GeraldoRivera has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!\"
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: \"Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination\" http://t.co/tG6pSSL3oG
Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” http://t.co/mZ79oKpmFz
\"@manofsteel619: @realDonaldTrump please run and save us in 2016!!!!\"
\"@debraa27: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
\"@cdiprima69: Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational\"
\"@pcochenour562:  @XKidd92 @LeezaGibbons yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one #snake one I would turn my back on\"
\"@KremlinLife: @realDonaldTrump \"President Trump\" #Trump2016 http://t.co/NEHgSFO3c0\"
\"@beachhome1: DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
\"@PatricijaBelous: #MissLithuania #MissU.  I miss this beautiful place. @TrumpDoral and my gorgeous friends...😓💘 http://t.co/URBTIGxAG9\"
\"@Elginet: @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please. #CelebrityApprentice
\"@XKidd92: @realDonaldTrump definitely rooting for @LeezaGibbons- I think she deserves it the most.\"
\"@StaciAnn: @realDonaldTrump Go @LeezaGibbons . Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)\"
\"@Jconstantinides: @realDonaldTrump I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!\"
\"@bobby990r_1: @realDonaldTrump @mjv1975 Best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice!
\"@llhegarty_linda: @realDonaldTrump Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to \"Get in and Get it Done\" #trump2016 #leadership\"
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
\"@jumbeeboi89: @realDonaldTrump Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.\"
\"Donald Trump plans return to Iowa \"\nhttp://t.co/gy2CcmoJfk via @KCCINews
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
\"@YMcTier: Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired! @YMcTier Favorite Monday TV Show #LuvIt\"
\"@TheMartynHale: Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby! @KenyaMoore @IanZiering @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @GeraldoRivera\"
Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!http://t.co/lydaXl5hOU
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
\"@iadoreem @realDonaldTrump Great job on Tv this morning.\" Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider “'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” http://t.co/0QuJxWs7Qh
\"@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History @realDonaldTrump fire his ass!\"
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: \"North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it\" http://t.co/nfeuo3B7si
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
\"@BWW_NYC: Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers &amp; Donald Trump Next Month... http://t.co/xpV97Z5zPA @Joan_Rivers
\"@DylanC98: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? http://t.co/mbnmf8D8jI
@KarlRove spent $400M in 2012 &amp; didn’t win a single race http://t.co/12InRskWGn
$ave your $. Don’t invest in @KarlRove. He doesn’t have a clue. http://t.co/12InRskWGn
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: http://t.co/vguST5ZWN6
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! http://t.co/kxlJXl69SD
Via @DMRegister :“@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” http://t.co/ncZ1WXLk4R
A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards http://t.co/hR6kBhUwBS
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “Donald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again” http://t.co/nYWN56ZY7T (Hyperlinked on @DRUDGE_REPORT)
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
\"@FreidaWashingt: @realDonaldTrump Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach http://t.co/2OlmwXgruv  #SCTeaParty15
“TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump” http://t.co/HbeF6TD2A8 via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu
\"@tmadsen32: No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Antonio_Annesi: @realDonaldTrump Always look forward to Monday nights! #CelebrityApprentice\"
Via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu: \"Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention\"\nhttp://t.co/b3HWGXEkXu
\"@MarkSimoneNY: @realDonaldTrump Slams Romney 2016: ‘He Choked like a Dog’ Last Time http://t.co/WZgeaeeDqw …\"
\"@vivianbrown21:Can't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/\"JOAN RIVERS\"!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! ♡JOAN#RIVERS !\"
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
\"@stkhlder3: @BrandiGlanville awww looks like such fun! #TeamBrandi I'm loving ya on @ApprenticeNBC !! Good job @realDonaldTrump
\"@DanScavino:Tom Brady &amp; @realDonaldTrump make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club. #PatriotsVSColts http://t.co/d2t8XAjf4x\"
\"@SritaColombia: Do you think that #MissUniverse is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@AngieMcMonigal: A glorious winter afternoon in #Chicago @TrumpChicago @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/5Eb1bKQhPD\"
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
Via @WTOC11: \"Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach\" http://t.co/kTuSn6eSEs Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
\"@YankeeRunnerLV:  God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's @ApprenticeNBC
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! http://t.co/qkMriOTcWb
\"@jdm_jennifer: @realDonaldTrump wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.\"
\"@Inception_E: “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.”
\"@Shipwreck2014: @realDonaldTrump for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch @TheApprentice9\"
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
\"@Jules_2010: @realDonaldTrump @JohnnyDamon What's Geraldo #gameplan #RunJohnnyRun @IanZiering #TeamIan http://t.co/Wyr6bOXWY7 @2paragraphs\"
My @foxandfriends int.on @FoxNewsInsider:“'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” http://t.co/fBOrii03RW
http://t.co/COTHSIXaVJ Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika, @JoeNBC &amp; @ThomasARoberts f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be @GOP nominee\nhttp://t.co/ziooSi5VTO
Via @thehill by @HugginsRachel: “Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run” http://t.co/wSO2JXaqF5
\"@spooh_news: @realDonaldTrump if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign\"
\"@gcjaramillo1: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!\"
\"@jlow: Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't have @foxandfriends AND Donald to listen to. Thanks @dish for taking away my FOX! 😡\"
\"@De__deVries: @realDonaldTrump heading to #Miami to watch the @MissUniverse all the way from Australia !!! can't wait 😘\"
\"@mattygeorge: #CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity\"
\"@SnoBurd: Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump and @MittRomney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?\" No thanks!
\"@AmandaJ1981: Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!\"
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
\"@jhspraggins: @herself311 @GeraldoRivera's ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.\"
\"@nancynaigle: RT @realDonaldTrump: \"@jhspraggins: @realDonaldTrump please fire @GeraldoRivera soon! ...\"
\"@STERLINGMHOLMES: @realDonaldTrump Cant wait to hear you on @foxandfriends on @FoxNews this morning. #CommonSenseMan\"
\"@Kolie_Yola: I do like @realDonaldTrump!\" Thank you.
\"@RealPro4Real: @IvankaTrump @JoFroggatt #DowntonAbbey is just awful... too British :-( I prefer @ApprenticeNBC with @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump Anxious for another 2 hrs. of @ApprenticeNBC tonight.
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
\"@TJoanides: @realDonaldTrump I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer\" Sorry!
\"@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016 !!!\"
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
\"@danielprofit: @jskrepak @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3\"
\"@RyanJacob56: @realDonaldTrump run for president please\"
\"@CunninghamNY: Im on board for a @realDonaldTrump presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!\"
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
\"@mareegrandy: @realDonaldTrump No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...\"
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
\"@MoneGuapboi716: \"@realDonaldTrump: \"@LikeFineWine63: @realDonaldTrump You ROCK and I 💗u!\"\"\"
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
\"@25whitney: I like the Bachelor but @ApprenticeNBC is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice  @IvankaTrump #NBC\"
Via @feminamissindia: “@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judges” http://t.co/69Br0Caoee
Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United &amp; @SteveKingIA’s “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th http://t.co/0Ld0z0FHju
\"@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 &amp; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!\"
\"@ShinySheet:Olympic gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at @realDonaldTrump's Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach: http://t.co/EDVlJZy4Dc
\"@mccull0817: @realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??\"
\"@Nightingalicing: @californguy @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight😉 is @BrandiGlanville\".
\"@KarileaKennedy7: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC LOVE Brandi is on your show!\"
\"@dcfoodsafety: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!\"
\"@californguy: #TeamBrandi, I'm glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays! @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv http://t.co/7Eu4ewAUom\"
\"@BrandiGlanville: TONIGHT \"Celebrity Apprentice\" 8/7c Ep. 2 &amp; 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition @ApprenticeNBC http://t.co/tT0BbfX0Pv\"
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC http://t.co/MiVcT6zjEk
Via @latimes’ @LATshowtracker:“Monday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbc”\nhttp://t.co/8C3qcKbYbQ
Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: “@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBC” http://t.co/OGymqaoTcB
.@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. http://t.co/GWYl31WsfP
Wow, great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC- http://t.co/yHHeUbmACn Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on @NBC.
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
\"@nelly_quarez: .@realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice was awesome yesterday🔥. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight! @kevinjonas we are here
\"@tokindaddy: @realDonaldTrump your the man, Don. All the best,...\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
\"@missskin604: It's time!! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump #westcoast\"
\"@christinaaa28: #CelebApprentice is baaaaaack! @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump\"
\"@BillyMayfield: @realDonaldTrump great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!\"
\"@BJohnson683: @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.\"
\"@Rongtr: @realDonaldTrump Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!\"
\"@Linsinn: @realDonaldTrump Yes! #CelebrityApprentice on now, been waiting for months! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JordonBruno: I really love @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@erik. My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n @RealGilbert #CelebrityApprentice! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
\"@Aschultz2014: @realDonaldTrump Best @ApprenticeNBC cast ever!! Love @IanZiering and so glad @Kateplusmy8 wasn't fired! #notlazy\"
\"@sixtoluis57: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous\"
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
\"@KennyKing4: @JustinTGee #CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump\"
\"@tmh813: @realDonaldTrump prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie
\"@RRodriguez62: @realDonaldTrump First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.\"
\"@Shannonfamini: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for tomorrow's episodes! #CelebApprentice #TRUMP\"
\"@wooten_smith:  @RickyV_ADW @kevinjonas I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.\"
\"@ShortCakesSheep: I am rooting for @RealGilbert @kevinjonas but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friend @limbaugh to help\"
\"@AnnieDrews:  So glad #CelebApprentice is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!\"
\"@DanaDelikat:  @ApprenticeNBC. Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster\"
\"@SparkleAWin: DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they #CelebApprentice material Can't wait 2 C them in action\"
\"@summer0001: Why is @realDonaldTrump so amazing? Love watching #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BraunMatt: Really enjoyed #CelebApprentice tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Kbrozz26: @realDonaldTrump I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!\"
\"@ACLrecoveryCLUB: @realDonaldTrump I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced @ApprenticeNBC is the best show on tv!\"
\"@CeeCee928:  @MsVivicaFox PLS NOT @BrandiGlanville OR @KenyaMoore JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE\"
\"@bigdogg1974: @realDonaldTrump @Kateplusmy8 Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth
\"@CandidlyNic: @BrandiGlanville You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt;3 You!! @KathySimovski @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@missklamert:I HATE @realDonaldTrump ! But I have to watch this season of #TheApprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #TeamKenya !\"
\"@axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JulieMyra: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump you go. Love your spirit. F the haters\"
\"@ameliasg: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  @IvankaTrump does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?\"
\"@RickyV_ADW: Gotta say I have @kevinjonas winning it all @realDonaldTrump social media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.
\"@rachelredl: Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice @realDonaldTrump\"
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
\"@iiarwatch: @realDonaldTrump You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya &amp; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.\"
\"@sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @ACTUALLYDOMINIC @realDonaldTrump @peachespulliam I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come\"
\"@TravyJ1: I wonder how it would be growing up with @realDonaldTrump as a father\"
\"@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I loved it. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@ASEDawg89: @realDonaldTrump so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight\"
\"@loribuckmajor: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville is as real as they come. Love her #CelebApprentice\"
\"@RockyRoad_: Nothing like hearing @realDonaldTrump say \"YOU'RE FIRED\" twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST!👊😜 #CelebApprentice
\"@virgiegurl: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS\"
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
\"@bethdelany: @realDonaldTrump Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@irwin171: #CelebApprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. Love the new season!! @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@NicoleAMarin: You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes from @realDonaldTrump mouth! Why a commercial?!? #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@AlexPerrry: First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it! @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@luvsleopard2: @billybush @realDonaldTrump the music always gives it such a dramatic effect😱\"
\"@UglyWewe: Love @realDonaldTrump asking @BrandiGlanville for the truth! He knows he'll get it!\"
\"@NicoleAMarin: Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
\"@keithwmcandrew: Who will @realDonaldTrump fire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice
\"@MarshaABrady: @realDonaldTrump @TheApprentice9 I hope it's Kate, I don't want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry\"
\"@Christine_8888: @realDonaldTrump Brandi for the win!!\"
\"@The_Paul08: There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!! @TrumpChicago @TrumpCollection #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump
\"@SarahSS555: @realDonaldTrump is my idol... #CelebApprentice\" Thanks.
\"@miasmiiles: @realDonaldTrump #trumpforpresident2016\"
\"@ArizonaNFLFan: .@realDonaldTrump I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.\"
\"@AnthonyJamesTV: @GeraldoRivera and @kevinjonas killed it! @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @nbc #CelebApprentice\"
\"@MNBosstom: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice
\"@eyetweethere: @realDonaldTrump best part of the show\"
\"@DerrickBolenVA: @realDonaldTrump has built up a great show #CelebApprentice\"
\"@GodIgetitnow: @realDonaldTrump it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) #CelebApprentice\"
\"@rchunter: @realDonaldTrump tells the guys, go back to @TrumpTowerNY and watch if you want to, it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@Jwundy: The iconic \"You're fired\" is coming @realDonaldTrump can't wait.\"
\"@FTESTERNBTLSFAN: @realDonaldTrump wonder who gets \"FIRED\" hmmm\"
\"@srqsweetheart: It's about to go down! Buckle up! @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice\"
\"@michaelsdevine: Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Lanae_Jonas22: @realDonaldTrump it is interesting so far\"
\"@queenOFspice: I follow @realDonaldTrump in hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him\"
\"@TimothyMcManus4: @realDonaldTrump Very intense!! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@CrueBabe: @realDonaldTrump I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@TEisen229: @realDonaldTrump great cast! Girls are going to win!\"
\"@Jwundy: Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Mag_0909: @realDonaldTrump intense but I would expect nothing less\"
\"@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 @realDonaldTrump: I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice\"
\"@Mari907: @realDonaldTrump &amp; @IvankaTrump back on my TV! I'm a happy gal ❤️😍\"
\"@scdaily4: @realDonaldTrump loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's @GaryBussey\"
\"@jonas_brotha: @realDonaldTrump @KenyaMoore just goes for the throat\"
\"@salans77: @realDonaldTrump great boardroom so far. Love the tension\"
\"@MikeDemkiw: @realDonaldTrump Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised.\"
How do you like the boardroom so far?
\"@cav1301: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!\"
\"@thecccowanshow: @realDonaldTrump @NaomiEpstein @ApprenticeNBC KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!\"
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
\"@ShortCakesSheep: @realDonaldTrump @roswell2001 @kevinjonas @RealGilbert agree!!!\"
\"@Prochekhomeinsp: Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!\"
\"@roswell2001: So glad #CelebrityApprentice is back! @realDonaldTrump @kevinjonas @RealGilbert are my favs. Go team vortex!\"
\"@ohbehave71: @realDonaldTrump Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@amiguiza: @realDonaldTrump I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin\"
\"@KimberlySyring: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!\"
\"@otowned: @realDonaldTrump Any Real Housewife\"
\"@thatsoundstasty: The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice
\"@SennieC: @realDonaldTrump all the athletes are doing great!\"
\"@remember91808: @RealGilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @ApprenticeNBC: Can we keep them around until the end
\"@Jwundy: I admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@ACTUALLYDOMINIC: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that's it, @realDonaldTrump, you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way
\"@biggangVH1: @realDonaldTrump love the show! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@OrionTrunk:  @terrellowens is going to go far because he's a media circus. @IanZiering will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.\"
\"@NaomiEpstein: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
\"@briankgarver: @realDonaldTrump like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! 👍👍👍\"
\"@KristyHernandez: @realDonaldTrump yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!😍💃\"
\"@TGambinoVent: #CelebrityApprentice @KenyaMoore go home please! @realDonaldTrump plez help! Love the show but, she's trying to be @OMAROSA
\"@CarrieOn2014: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@brendalynwraps: @realDonaldTrump Leeza!!!\"
\"@mariadomenique9: The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@JoseMar87531474: Watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump is the man...\"
\"@TheReader23: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville Brandi for the win\"
\"@GlendaKParks: @realDonaldTrump @BrandiGlanville NOT @KenyaMoore! She does nothing but run her mouth!\"
\"@JoSportsGal:  @BrandiGlanville Too early first episode. @realDonaldTrump season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. #WorkHard, #Win\"
\"@mumlvs2run: @Kateplusmy8 You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen 😉 @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC Go Kate Go!\"
\"@SarahLynEllis: I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season!@realDonaldTrump @ShawnJohnson @IvankaTrump The Donald is the best! #YoureFired
Who do you like - hate so far?
\"@JustSoldCom: @realDonaldTrump SO HAPPY #CelebrityApprentice is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!\"
\"@Stevie_SKenergy: @realDonaldTrump @NBCApprentice This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to #saveSKsocial\"
\"@Dbarbs1: @realDonaldTrump please fire Kenya first.\" Really?
\"@MichaelMPierce: Watching @ApprenticeNBC for the first time ever. Love it so far! @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@KristaCantwell: @realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that @ApprenticeNBC is back! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@TNelly813: Yay! @realDonaldTrump I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice :)\"
\"@JakeKrippner: “@realDonaldTrump: So, who should win, who is your favorite?” @ShawnJohnson\"
\"@teerexbc: I'm rooting for @MsVivicaFox @ShawnJohnson and @peachespulliam #CelebrityApprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc DonaldTrump
\"@Gaga_In_Fla: @AndreaTantaros @FoxNews @GeraldoRivera @realDonaldTrump Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.\"
\"@straitblazin: @realDonaldTrump has an all star cast of celebrities this season of @ApprenticeNBC! This should be interesting.\" True.
\"@sprinkler22: @realDonaldTrump i love donald trump!!!!\" Thanks
\"@ApprenticeNBC: \"Nobody wants to be the first one fired.\" Isn't that the truth, @realDonaldTrump. #CelebApprentice\" VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
\"@michaelsdevine: I kinda hope @RealGilbert sticks around for a while just for moments like that #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC
\"@JohnG500: Love @realDonaldTrump and @ApprenticeNBC! This is gonna be another awesome season. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@KiernanProud: @realDonaldTrump so excited! Best show on television. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BucherBrandon:  Watching @realDonaldTrump 's show #CelebApprentice to see @BrandiGlanville\"
\"@stacekop: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.\"
\"@fabulyss22: My Sunday's will now be spent with @realDonaldTrump again! So excited #CelebrityApprentice is back!\"
\"@princessrisssss: I am SOO super excited to watch @ShawnJohnson and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
\"@llluminatedOnes: Here we go! @ApprenticeNBC starts NOW on @NBC! Let's do this! @RealDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  #CelebApprentice\"
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
\"@SkaCreek: In Ten minutes on @realDonaldTrump 's Apprentice @IanZiering begins his season long domination! @Jason_Priestley you watchin?\"
\"@Flowerchic462: Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump\"
\"@fabiolasellsnj: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC looking forward to this\"
\"@MLRatchford: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump rooting for @RealGilbert. #TeamGilbert\"
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
\"@MattLytle: @realDonaldTrump So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?\"  YES.
\"@LeezaGibbons: “@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeek”
\"@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then Mon. at 8
\"@krb117: “@IvankaTrump: @CoachDanMullen Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:  #OrangeBowl” well well.. #HailState\"
If you can’t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Via @Inc by @steelwire: “Donald Trump – To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?” http://t.co/LTGlyfpMLz
“Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of @ApprenticeNBC”\n  https://t.co/Cv2uncAuhw via @YahooTV
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump’s grand plans for @TrumpTurnberry resort get the green light” http://t.co/fy8hH8k6KP
Via @NewsInTheBurg: “@chefjoseandres to open restaurant in Trump Int’l Washington, D.C.” http://t.co/3UYaJoJAML
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
\"@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps\"
\"@Paulynesian: You got to love @realDonaldTrump ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!\"
\"@F_Anne_Spears: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.\"
\"@TpGraf82: @realDonaldTrump great job on @foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump inspiring words on @foxandfriends this morning great job as always\"
\"@fackinpeter: Just watched you on @foxandfriends while putting on a @realDonaldTrump tie getting ready for work #DoubleTrump
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
\"@MarkFleming22: @realDonaldTrump Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice?\" Pete Rose &amp; let him in Hall!
\"@TheOnlyCdorsey: Wearing the @realDonaldTrump signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood\"
\"@paxton_pete: Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment. http://t.co/yxf0OzCiMS\"
\"@995mu: No once respect is lost, it's gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends\"
\"@PMuisiner: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Looking forward to his thoughts\"
\"@ElephantPeacock: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.\"
\"@DrChimRickles: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #Trump2016
\"@twinroj: @realDonaldTrump im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #Trump2016\"
\"@MarriamF: My bday just been so perfect so far 💗 only way it will be better if my inspiration @realDonaldTrump wishes me happy bday 👌\"
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
\"@hwpal: @realDonaldTrump Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American &amp;the value of great capitalism #trump16\"
\"@sheryl_laine: DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
\"@coolwillie13: @realDonaldTrump You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016\"
\"@Firehart555: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I'll be watching Mr Trump.\"
\"@Thescroggins12: @realDonaldTrump @Mer_1135 @blakemharris Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !\"
\"@Mer_1135: @blakemharris @realDonaldTrump Ronald Reagan was an actor, &amp; look at what a great job he did.\"
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15\" Hope you enjoy and agree!
\"@AnnieDrews: @followdotch @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.\"Get well!
\"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou\"
\"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president #WeNeedYou\" Thanks.
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016\"
\"@truckncargirl:  @fionacarterr Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016\"
\"@crazymamaa: Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump #excited I watch every year!!\"
\"@fionacarterr: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016\"
\"@Michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks I would like to see @realDonaldTrump in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,\"
\"@Jon_Albanese: .@RealGilbert on @realDonaldTrump's @ApprenticeNBC. I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.\"
\"@DanScavino: Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite @ApprenticeNBC @NBC! Look 4ward 2 #JoanRivers tribute to! http://t.co/kkSGJi1qtg\"
\"@stinger_inc: Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald's @ApprenticeNBC starts next Sunday!
So excited to have @SantanaCarlos performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at @TrumpDoral: http://t.co/u0L6WtBFvQ
Congrats @TrumpDoral for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from @BizBash: http://t.co/ELuHP4cdkC
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using @TrumpSoHo’s 20% offer http://t.co/6c3DgabGW8.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
\"@Bernardv777: @realDonaldTrump @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
\"@JamersonHayes: Yes @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter\"\"
\"@denn: DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO.\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter\"
\"@rick_royer: @realDonaldTrump on point as always\"
\"@StacieLarson777: @foxandfriends Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! :)...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..\"
\"@SHMann55:DonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on @foxandfriends. El Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years\"
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
\"@DRJAMESCABOT: @lovusa4: 6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast\"
\"@moniquehorsey: I really admire @realDonaldTrump.\" Thank you!
\"@mrcharlietoldme: http://t.co/h83FrNmdou 17th hole at Trump L.A. Beautiful track. @realDonaldTrump @Regional_Bank\"
\"@LaneJh: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!\"
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!
\"@KarenMonsour12: @realDonaldTrump @Vote4Wallace Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what \"You Enjoy\" doing right now, won't exist!
Via @DailyMail by @chriskitching: “Luxury penthouse at @TrumpChicago skyscraper sells for record $17M” http://t.co/j095jFo098
“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty http://t.co/F3GNbzWKC5
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
The lights went out at the White House today http://t.co/f7z1t5CKBJ  Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
Via @TVGrapevine: “@ApprenticeNBC: Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015”\n  http://t.co/VamRTdBiyn
Via @WashTimes by @harperbulletin: “Donald Trump Goes to Washington” \n  http://t.co/XxOxEhlCTB
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein @TheEconomicClub. Airing live on @cspan at 7PM EST http://t.co/ONttU3oixF
.@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays http://t.co/y15FSAZdkE
\"@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump You're a legend!!\"  Wow!
\"@njoh1234: @realDonaldTrump @chadj19 Country needs to rise &amp; be great again! So we need great men &amp; leaders at the top!!\" True!
\"@dpinsen: @realDonaldTrump America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.\"
\"@ItsBenHorsfall: @realDonaldTrump I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true?\"  Stay tuned!
\"@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP 2016\"
\"@PianoBecca: Amercia really needs a man like @realDonaldTrump. And why settle for \"LIKE\" him? USA needs TRUMP!  Thanks!
\"@Keven_GR7: @realDonaldTrump I want to live in a U.S. where you are President\"  Thank you!
\"@RomeroRobbins:  @Blarescape3 @foxandfriends Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability &amp; viability with the world!\" EASY!
\"@sgrayva: @realDonaldTrump didn't don imus make that same mistake\"  Yes!
\"@AgnesphAgnes: @realDonaldTrump One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton &amp; Amy Pascal.
\"@FlorenceDiLeo: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends glad you're a part of foxandfriends!\"
\"@DerekVarsalona: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Listening to you now. you are great.
\"@NCconserv: @realDonaldTrump great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on @FoxNews! #tcot #RedNationRising
\"@alvinkaisi: @realDonaldTrump @BigBobbyWatson Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her!\" True, she is a fool!
\"@DavideBergstein @AllenWest A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president', 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world
\"@gabriellamileti: \"She should be terminated for being stupid.\" Best quote of the day from THE  @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends\"
\"@Sailing_J: @realDonaldTrump you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan\"
\"@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump outstanding insight on Fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
@TheRevAl  @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/VzAPDwP6nE\"  Al Sharpton loves \"Trump\" because he knows I get him, others don't! Check out picture.
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
\"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong &amp; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014\" I agree but have already been twice!
\"@FOMOVancouver: The new #CelebrityApprentice starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again. http://t.co/a8qhIXhVzV\"
\"@susanmangels: #CASEV in sunny #Chicago with LARGE Trump sign outside window. #SheratonChicago http://t.co/wiqW8UMKUA\"
\"@lindsey_shanks: #Donald  bought my favorite #dc building. New hotel coming in 2016 to #PennAve @ Old Post Office… http://t.co/sXkq5TRrNB
\"@Jetsbb: @realDonaldTrump That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the @nyjets\" I agree!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub \n  http://t.co/1PSF1l8LSp
ICYMI, @nypost’s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my “best and most riveting” http://t.co/9xdFijthlc
\"@EggMac1: “@realDonaldTrump: Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great.\"
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - \"BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION\" - &amp; \"ALL TIME\"
Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
\"@ChefMedz: 2016 gotta happen @realDonaldTrump\"
Our country and our \"leaders\" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran http://t.co/SGqN0gmc5y They are laughing at Kerry &amp; Obama!
\"When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.\"    -- Thomas A. Edison
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
Via @StarsEntLive by Nick Ricko: “@kevinjonas, @IanZiering In Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC First Look” http://t.co/0vos5qByGd
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for being named one of the “Best of +VIP Access” hotels for 2014 by @Expedia!http://t.co/cREGfHwlbe
Home of @PGATOUR’s @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation &amp; luxury http://t.co/3UHjQXzvPu
On schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouver’s skyline http://t.co/qmX8K9cSOO
\"@foxandfriends:Should #CIA torture tactics documents be released? @realDonaldTrump weighs in: http://t.co/AM8ml0i1TH http://t.co/oF4TDV6rUL
\"@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realDonaldTrump\"  Great!
\"@shoot69towin: I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional.\"
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
\"@LiamMcKercher: @realDonaldTrump We need @realDonaldTrump to be President\"
\"@fgthegman: @realDonaldTrump @StarsEntLive @kevinjonas @IanZiering WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!\"
\"@App_master12: @realDonaldTrump would get my vote for president any day!!! #America\"
\"@MyNameIsLONG1: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016\"
\"@JoseThePaisa: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
\"@adamhasasneh: “@Scott__Marx: Can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump run for president and win #Trump2016” @MatthewMercer7\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to watch you on @foxandfriends tomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about #EricGarner
\"@victahh11: \"@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.\"\"
\"@StarsEntLive: #CelebrityApprentice is back! Here's a preview w/ @kevinjonas, @IanZiering, http://t.co/yVa7JI9bHc http://t.co/q07v3QQOPc\"
\"@teresalynnarthu: @BrandiGlanville @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@steveaustin36: @BrandiGlanville @realDonaldTrump @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC best reality show on tv\"
\"@southpaw_08: @realDonaldTrump for President!!!!\"
\"@JackWitty: @Wharton @IvankaTrump Ur a smart lady.Hope @realDonaldTrump bcomes POTUS.Know he's busy,but.....!
\"@FastTrackTalent: @realDonaldTrump booked @terrellowens for @ApprenticeNBC ?? I have to watch this!! #Apprentice #GetYourPopcornready.
\"@kyle_diehl34: The next celebrity apprentice cast is 🔥 @realDonaldTrump\" True!
\"@A_Roy0317: The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see @realDonaldTrump pick people apart in the boardroom.\"
\"@Sundropaholic: FINALLY @ApprenticeNBC returns! @realDonaldTrump rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it.\" Great!
No surprise. @Rosie is failing on @TheView.Terrible ratings.“Malcontent\" &amp; another season is \"out of the question\" http://t.co/RAh59q06N4
\"@Jerm_AHOLIC  @realDonaldTrump @Rosie you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!\"  First night!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Via @washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Bidding to stay at Trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS.\" http://t.co/Z1V76KGXQI
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
\"@EyeAmSMF @DRUDGE_REPORT  @realDonaldTrump should replace @Rosie on The View. :-)\" Well, they would then get great ratings!
\"@maxmfoto @realDonaldTrump’s cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie\"  Thanks.
.@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league.
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
#TrumpVlog @Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View. http://t.co/iOpzn015hB
#TrumpVlog @Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working. http://t.co/kOj0AV2tNR
Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
Just as I predicted @Rosie would fail on The View- http://t.co/P7OAJBxskt.
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
\"@topcat33831795: @foxandfriends Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was #AlSharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
\"@GZervs: Love listening to @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning &amp; week!\"
\"@ceovince: @realDonaldTrump We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@CMILLE__: @GREATGAETANO @realDonaldTrump he's a str8 foward guy &amp; does things the way it's needed to be done\"
\"@Deanna_Lea_: @realDonaldTrump you'd win the south #presidenttrump\"
\"@mychemicalcarli: have a trumptastic monday!! @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/picY01JPzd\" Thank you.
\"@Sam_Keady: You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@craig_eaton12: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident\"
\"@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump for president\"
\"@Golfeventplan: Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point #trump http://t.co/PKRSiiF7AR\"
\"@MSmoldt: @realDonaldTrump \"The American dream is alive and well\" good interview on @FoxNews this AM #GYTU ☝️\"
\"@CMILLE__: @realDonaldTrump is a real individual , very brilliant man!  Thank you.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
\"@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!\"
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Rated @GolfMagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes http://t.co/vq05peRfXO
Via @LinkedInPulse  by @nicholas_wyman: “What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump”\n  https://t.co/cByBYSRKgX
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- http://t.co/b8dpH1ZEgd
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an option\n  from @TrumpNewYork: http://t.co/4AaJVsvQHW.
\"@ddrocks777 .@realDonaldTrump Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started\" Great!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
\"@JordanMeuleners: @realDonaldTrump you will always be one of my idols!!\" Thank you.
\"@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @shmopniggadick The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@TheNordicBroad: I might not always agree w/ everything he says,but it's wonderful how @realDonaldTrump engages w/ people on Twitter.
\"@Jurisprude1:DonaldTrump Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!\"
\"@sintianiej: @realDonaldTrump @MrInsaf The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@KenJohnson21: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I can't wait Donald, my Monday is complete!\"
\"@musicislife1239: @realDonaldTrump u should be president\"
\"@e1e5672d96c747c:Mr. Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!
\"@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F&amp;F\"
\"@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!&amp; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: http://t.co/J1QLSmAcKi via @UrbanDaddy cc @TrumpDoral
Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
“How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet” http://t.co/hjj179KyaR via @travelmail by @AndreaMagrath
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
Via @NewHampJournal by @jdistaso: “In NH, ‘The Donald’ hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for President” http://t.co/O7WrQlaH7I
My @WMUR9 ‘Close Up’ int. with @JoshMcElveen discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH &amp; 2016 http://t.co/cggm7UTfep
\"@bhughes0422: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016\"
\"@ronmeier123: @foxandfriends You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
\"@DavidBougs: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!\"
I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!
\"@greggory_mc: @realDonaldTrump @miorlano_14 I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .\"
\"@MTRisner @foxandfriends Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.\"  They would like that big league - but I have no time!
\"@miorlano_14: If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.\"
\"@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump so much for Al Gores theory??? #trump2016\"
\"@NewCongress4NE: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends RUN DONALD RUN\"
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (\"Americans are stupid\") &amp; exec order
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
\"@OneAndOnlyAkash: @realDonaldTrump You Are A Financial Genius\"   I agree, thanks!
\"@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday\" Great!
Via @ConMonitorNews by @CMonitor_JVF: \"Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley\" http://t.co/z8ny5XAhly
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein
Congratulations to @NHGOP &amp; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Happy 5th Anniversary to @TrumpWaikiki&lt;https://t.co/Lu0Heblb0W&gt;! Can't believe it's already been 5 years..
Each and every new event space at @TrumpDoral looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: http://t.co/G6G101t3kF
\"@AMCaristi: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpChicago I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel\"
\"@brandoacovski: @realDonaldTrump for president!!!!\"
\"@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @USNewsTravel @TrumpNewYork Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!\"
\"@USNewsTravel: .@TrumpChicago's location &amp; modern rooms make visitors feel like they're livin' the good life: http://t.co/QK8bsIVi9l\"
\"@USNewsTravel: A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying @TrumpNewYork: http://t.co/etSU8YJ8z0 #dailydigs\"
\"@USNewsTravel: This @TrumpCollection hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.
\"@woofeous: @realDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought &amp; he doesn't \"carry water\" for anyone\"
Via @USNewsTravel: “Best New York City Hotels: @TrumpNewYork” http://t.co/9Gc3oX3oy6
\"@ScottJamesWard: @realDonaldTrump haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.\"
\"@C_ROB_33: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016\"
\"@RSmithInc: @realDonaldTrump @hillarysusans @IvankaTrump As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. #smartwomen\"
\"@BoogBannon: All about trump for president @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@spikesurge83: @realDonaldTrump if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president\"
\"@FuctChecker: We need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and more @realDonaldTrump\" True!
\"@hillarysusans: @IvankaTrump Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.\"
\"@hillarysusans: Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@yurdreamwoman @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
\"@lucasflavin: One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@foxandfriends: 'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate with @realDonaldTrump robocall won. #Election2014 http://t.co/28ZPqrn6Zm
\"@lovemactrublue: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Love u on @foxandfriends. You always make me smile.\"
\"@huicho52: @realDonaldTrump enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity\"
.@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!
\"@damonsdavis: If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, they'd both be voting @realDonaldTrump for President!\"
\"@Rebel1941: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends great\"
\"@DianaShane4Ever: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president
\"@mountainstate82: @realDonaldTrump Donald, make 2016 happen. Let's do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand.
@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!
\"@IanAnderson13: If @realDonaldTrump ran for President i would vote for him!\"
\"@REALmikeedwards: @realDonaldTrump big fan, run for prez PLEASE\"
\"@BethAndersonEsq:My 1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service! #TrumpMiami http://t.co/WsZIIBfr3Y\"
\"@dogart2: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
\"@domjoly:  @foxandfriends excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..\"
\"@cfogarty1964: #TP tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP\"
\"@michell07677681: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends please run for president!\"
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
\"@Jacquel80505769: @realDonaldTrump I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,,\"  I agree, thanks.
\"@lspaggs: @realDonaldTrump Definitely the star of Chicago's skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto! http://t.co/zIIaZeAXOx\"
\"@diegoJovelar: @realDonaldTrump for president 2016\"
\"@Audrasa74: \"@can_U_see_2020:  \"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
\"@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!\"
\"@maxtucci: Dec 11 @ucfoundation will honor me for my #philanthropic efforts at DonaldTrump's home #Autism Awareness http://t.co/euMSpXqXVl
\"@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.\"
\"@IvoryRymes: @realDonaldTrump Please run, The American ppl need you!\"
\"@JenniferALarson: I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop #touristinmyownbackyard #chicago http://t.co/aw1aNR69SM\"
\"@ToddRiddolls: @realDonaldTrump whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !! #LIFE\"
\"@grantwgates: @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great couple of days at the resort. First class! #BlueMonster #TrumpDoral http://t.co/okCeLxNVVN
#TrumpAdvice http://t.co/BRQal0Yfg8
Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend.
Via @DailyCaller @NeilMunroDC: “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows” http://t.co/ehZ1fSF7mr
Via @Newsmax_Media: “@RepMattSalmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” http://t.co/Ia5PT3IKYC
\"@BaglanHIlls  Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP\" Start with The Art of the Deal.
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
The prestigious 800-acre @TrumpDoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants  http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M
Via @haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” http://t.co/ySumv5Xpn8
Via @BreitbartNews by @IanHanchett: “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel”\n  http://t.co/pa4pWF2ceg
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
\"@emilyplacido @hotter_hodder My husband was upset. Trump ties &amp; shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys!\" Go to http://t.co/GuI1TW9HsE
\"@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! #Trump2016\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!\"
\"@ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends Won't miss it! Don't hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!\"
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
\"@joelivan2: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GolfChannel Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida\"
\"@StevenQRMTL: Great vibe @rebar @TrumpChicago http://t.co/0AuXm3mkpR\"
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
\"@CRinQC: Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasn't lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.\"
\"@PGWELLMAN: You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. You're a good man, and thank you.\"
\"@DCBelleonWheels: @realDonaldTrump gets it right: http://t.co/ioBcoP8v0c\"
\"@hotter_hodder: I added two new @realDonaldTrump ties to my collection\"  At Macy's, thanks.
\"@seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico\"
\"@Paulyp94: Learning from THE man @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/yahdnd4Xyz\"  Thank you.
\"@AdverTina: @realDonaldTrump RU at @TrumpChicago watching #NikWalenda #SkyscraperLive ?\"
\"@welshIV: @realDonaldTrump @MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!\"Thanks
\"@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
With our $250M in renovations, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection http://t.co/6fYg5yyoym
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including @TrumpSoHo http://t.co/BViQaP1MLY
Thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the Ocean View Suite @Trump_Ireland as one of your top 10 suites http://t.co/wAKFBJu2hK
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
\"@TreeSappp: @realDonaldTrump Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.\"
\"@dj_dwain: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.\"
\"@SouthernLady551: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for reminding everyone we need to #BringBackOurMarine. #MilitaryMonday\"
\"@its_a_mum_thing: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends totally agree.\"
\"@xoxo_La_La_xoxo: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4President ##Trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good\"
\"@moose_taz: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad\"
\"@GrandmaNYCA: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on @foxandfriends this morning. @FreeTheMarine\"
\"@bunnypiper: @realDonaldTrump right on!!\"
\"@Kathzeh: @realDonaldTrump Great job on @foxandfriends this morning!!!\"
\"@suelordbiz: Great job on Fox &amp; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!\"
\"@Theramenes: @foxandfriends  Good job @realDonaldTrump for not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.\"
\"@SFC17972: @realDonaldTrump on point as always!\"
\"@moose_taz: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump 1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
\"@katlynne1994: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Power to this man!! He cares about this country\"
\"@JAdamsEden: @realDonaldTrump Articulate &amp; concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear &amp; present economic enemy;-MEXICO!\"
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
\"@REALNickVenti: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump way before I'd vote for Hillary.\" Great!
\"@TheBingle: @realDonaldTrump @RiannaRichards Donald Trump said that before \"the virus' made it to U.S.\" That's what I do!
\"@MelanyAlVilla: @realDonaldTrump you are my role model👌 such an amazing man.\" Thank you.
\"@RiannaRichards: This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S.\"
\"@tylerrice199: @mike_riccardi @realDonaldTrump easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary\"  THANKS!
\"@ZackKeighron: @realDonaldTrump should run for president\"
\"@InsideCableNews @FTVLive Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
\"@evelynairey: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity I wish Donald Trump would run for President\"
\"@BKofLeader: http://t.co/UFs4yoAsSm This is a must read for Donald Trump fans! He tells you how the real estate ... http://t.co/pPWIubpMlS\"
\"@Amber_Sadler22: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history\" No, bad chemistry - I like winning!
\"@ashleymarie938: \"@realDonaldTrump: \"@AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man\"\" omg yes bro!\"
\"@midlandmainline @DMRegister Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump\"
\"@mrinho1: @Orbitz @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend\"  Thanks, a great hotel.
\"@PeteDicenSO: @realDonaldTrump we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needs @realDonaldTrump magic touch.\"  So true, what a mess!
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Via @scj by @rodboshart: “Trump: Next president has to be 'great one'” \nhttp://t.co/xcJdK5YenE
Via @DMRegister by @SharynJackson: “Trump: @SteveKingIA has 'the right views'\" http://t.co/LnDC52GfKD
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with @SteveKingIA on @shanevanderhart’s @CaffThoughts http://t.co/pVfBeym0av
Via @DMRegister by @KObradovich: “Donald Trump: Next president needs to be ‘a great one’” http://t.co/DINxhaeQpU
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
It’s been stated that dopey NY @AGSchneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator.  http://t.co/WfuJ9EW6HP
\"@timessquarehero: @realDonaldTrump Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry\"
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
\"@gregazar: @realDonaldTrump \"Donald Trump Calls Out Obama\" Thank you for calling out this idiot!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: @realdonaldtrump #PresidentTrump2016 FOR SURE!\"
\"@StephanieWei: @realDonaldTrump playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
\"@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump Great interview, DT! Can't wait for next week! Run for President! #Trump2016\"
\"@YankeeRunner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&amp;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
\"@AwakKeNTV: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump for president! please save us man\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year http://t.co/IanKmlfj8P
\"If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new.\" -- Jeff Bezos
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
Awarded 5 Stars by @VisitScotland, @TrumpScotland’s MacLeod House &amp; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece http://t.co/MJPYrxJm23
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. http://t.co/gWiy6t8eyS
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline http://t.co/RMJsc6ZoCJ
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
\"@CoxDanimal: @realDonaldTrump TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016\"
\"@BestBergerEver: I agree with everything @realDonaldTrump said on @foxandfriends this morning. Put this man in the White House!
\"@YOD_Bagholders: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!\"
\"@DRJAMESCABOT: Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow\"
\"@wizkay46: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends salute you sir\"  Thank you.
\"@Michele_1L_: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.\"
\"@rojeezee: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ\"
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
\"@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 never gonna happen-I'd like it too, but he won't run\" Keep watching!
\"@TaylorJeffrey1: @realDonaldTrump @iHunt88 Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders &amp; knows how to use it\"
\"@M_Forese: @realDonaldTrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you!\" I agree!
\"@trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights
\"@iHunt88: I think it's about time @realDonaldTrump stands up and announces he's running for President.\"
Via @CNNMoney by @AaronSmithCNN: \"The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino\"  http://t.co/zwT0FkVfKJ
\"@DaMeechRiebl: Just saw your interview with @gretawire. Mr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
\"@JanineTurner: @realDonaldTrump your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!@gretawire\"
\"@RzcarlsonRuth: @realDonaldTrump just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.\"  Thank you!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
“Trump to campaign for @SteveKingIA” http://t.co/vGWKvBx1su via @kscj1360
Via @FootwearNews by @kristenmhenning: “@IvankaTrump Works to Beat Breast Cancer” http://t.co/UB4r50jrD2
“Donald Trump to crown @FIU as Miss Universe venue” http://t.co/2m5YolMyc8 via @MiamiHerald
“@DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘We want to build everything in Dubai”\n  http://t.co/VGtEUcMIk8 via @CWO_dotcom
Via @DailyCaller by @NeilMunroDC: “Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban” http://t.co/04thxvEv6y
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Congrats @JanineTurner on new book \"A Little Bit Vulnerable\" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum http://t.co/hdVc3GsAnW
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
\"@joshhobson: Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM. http://t.co/GI37XyFAzP\"Thanks
\"@UmpireRobert: @realDonaldTrump is this one yours?? #nyc #soHo http://t.co/lDq59Zyos1\"  Yes, it's called Trump Soho!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
\"@Irishfoodtrail @R47R  We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons\" Thanks.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Interesting case from UK re @stellacreasy and abusive troll http://t.co/1zW0zhV5ic
Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
“Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats” http://t.co/J3TEY8jGRP via @BloombergView by @lanheechen
Must watch for all Georgians @Perduesenate’s new ad “Secure Our Border https://t.co/KhnHd5i13r Michelle Nunn supports amnesty &amp; ObamaCare
“Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course”\n  http://t.co/5O77c1c4zR via @TelegraphSport
\"@Joeyssmyth @realDonaldTrump played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job\"
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “NY’s Central Park Horse Show a huge success”\n  http://t.co/IiFjSYuPYv
\"@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied  @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best\" Thanks
\"@21stCenturyAsh @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too\" Very important.
Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
.@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue.
\"@JamColley: We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
\"@joelledoucette: @realDonaldTrump FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! #2016\"
\"@geomac24:  Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12%\"
\"@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books.\" I am now writing \"The Art of the Deal, Part II.
.@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
\"@Jennifer75AR: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!\"
\"@RockChristopher: I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump
\"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@BesttQuotes_: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.–Donald Trump\"  True!
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham Lincoln
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
From rags to riches, and back to rags! \nhttp://t.co/NpY9Nw6fvJ
Interesting article about Atlantic City http://t.co/jzU0kObjRm
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
\"@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @tylerasmith1 GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants\"
\"@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump @wolf_grayson he will win in 2016\"
\"@Chazman321: @realDonaldTrump You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110%!\"
\"@rummypent: @realDonaldTrump @johneharmon man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you\"  Thank you!
\"@wolf_grayson: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump 2016. You better win.\"
\"@breemomma33: @realDonaldTrump Always enjoy listening to you on @foxandfriends Too bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!\"
\"@johneharmon: @realDonaldTrump great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate\"
\"@RobHelm78: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Thank God, I need my DT fix\" Cute!
\"@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country\"
\"@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic\" Good question!
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
\"@ilenayankoviak: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016?\"
\"@AndyAy:DonaldTrump Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice
If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump” http://t.co/AFxKhHrpSM
Via @nbc6: “@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015” http://t.co/KqvoeKLJAN
With championship links @TrumpScotland’s world-class amenities also include dining &amp; luxury accommodations  http://t.co/zBVwkzPYYi
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
\"@jcartmell_2011: I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!!\" Thank you!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@MikeyJFitz: @realDonaldTrump Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016\"
\"@AndyHemmins: @realDonaldTrump #MissUSA is way classier than #MissAmerica\"
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
“Always be prepared to start.” - Joe Montana
\"Everything you can imagine is real.\" —Pablo Picasso
“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
\"@SassyPantsjj Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!!  Love that show !!!\" Thanks.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time @The_Open course, @TrumpTurnberry is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline http://t.co/qMVZJzHtLq
\"@mtthwdvs: @realDonaldTrump Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!\"
\"@ESPNNFL: Our @FrankCaliendo was AWESOME as as Bill Belichick, Ron Jaws, Donald Trump and Jerry Jones. MUST WATCH: http://t.co/uDHvLwQVRM\"
\"@216th: @realDonaldTrump you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.\"
\"@KandaceC1: @realDonaldTrump when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:  Soon!
\"@JonesTigger0828: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.\"
\"@boobunni_: Might buy a tv just to see @realDonaldTrump on Monday mornings on @foxandfriends\" Great.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends: You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.  WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.\"
\"@__________IAN: \"No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything\"- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!\"
\"@Cordizzzle: @HowardStern getting a lot of praise from @realDonaldTrump on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. 👍\" Howard did a great job!
\"@MrsWilbert: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends now that I know you're on every Monday, I'll definitely be listening\"
\"@SHMann55: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president!\" Thank you!
\"@JBizz13: It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course\" Tnx!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
\"@stephencvengros: Joan Rivers funeral: Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners http://t.co/UdP9lZMlvi
\"@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice 😢\"
Must read quote by @EricTrump in @CNNMoney article “Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings” http://t.co/2kQKsftJe0
\"@RamDurand:  @VinnyGooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox\"
\"@MayurSharma60: @realDonaldTrump I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest\"
\"@NPHerron: @realDonaldTrump For president #2016election\"
\"@VinnyGooch: @realDonaldTrump THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!\"
\"@lizzymariedaoud: Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!\"
\"@niralsoni: @realDonaldTrump Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity @Frannyfine31 @panda9103 @ParentSeitz http://t.co/JgfTGQZkDD\"
\"@milagyi: @realDonaldTrump i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!! http://t.co/RFtdczutkv\"
\"@BBCoachKK: You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT!\" Get out!
\"@Frannyfine31: @realDonaldTrump I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president. @panda9103 @ParentSeitz\"
\"@domenicsiracusa: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis THE DONALD 2016\"
\"@Carmelcandi68: The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detainee http://t.co/evsED2fAX5 yall want close gitmo so bad\"
\"@KAKJOY: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President!!!!\"
\"@sweetsweetseven:Most gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #SMH #trump2016
\"@Taylorstime: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers Donald you speak the truth .\"
\"@KTxO5: @realDonaldTrump will u please run for president\"
\"@hardworkinmane: @realDonaldTrump I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.\"
\"@SandeeBengel: @realDonaldTrump @Joan_Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!\"
\"@blupony3: @realDonaldTrump we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?\"
\"@Bgara2011: MrTrump, today @ church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know.\" Thanks
\"@DeannaSpillyard: @DeannaSpillyard: Successful Business 101: If @realDonaldTrump buys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Don't ask just do it
\"He who demands little gets it.\" - Ellen Glasgow
@Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading” (includes @foxandfriends video)\nhttp://t.co/SanZ3GOh7x
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
\"@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump @amirite_ I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.\"
\"@OjJava: @realDonaldTrump I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..\"
\"@amirite_: @realDonaldTrump never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!\"
\"@mindcontrolJPG: @realDonaldTrump i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
\"@evanmcmurry: @realDonaldTrump you should run for presidnet\" Thanks.
\"@ElishevaNY: @samir @realDonaldTrump also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox &amp; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year http://t.co/26lWoTp3uA
Est. in 1906, @TrumpTurnberry is home to the iconic Ailsa, @The_Open Championship course four times over http://t.co/fs4PJLpgx6
\"@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture.\" Thx.
On 59th &amp; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences http://t.co/Y0M1H2Q52T
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - \n  Vince Lombardi
\"@Richp2266: @realDonaldTrump @SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Plus he has his own water. http://t.co/aS4HdMKqTR\"
\"@MelissaIl: @realDonaldTrump Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife.\" Very nice, thanks!
\"@JayGW804: RT @realDonaldTrump: The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain\"
\"@ash_talks: Have to meet @realDonaldTrump in the morning. Good night.\"
A spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is NC’s top club http://t.co/HEMVkgAhev
.@TrumpNewYork’s 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park &amp; NYC http://t.co/KsrAdCl8sZ
.@IvankaTrump’s @FoxNewsSunday “Power Player of the Week” interview with Chris Wallace http://t.co/SyPAQRw0gi
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
\"@sammyt_77: @realDonaldTrump you're a true champion Mr. Trump!\"  Thank you.
\"@AkomolafeJoseph: @realDonaldTrump @Aaron  I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem.\" Nice!
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
\"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you,\" Thank you!
\"@Aaron_Yay: Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
\"@babalandyy: @realDonaldTrump you should be the president\" Thanks!
\"@DeannaSpillyard: My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.
\"@TheAme19: @realDonaldTrump @RedNationRising And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...\"
\"@TruthGunner: “@realDonaldTrump: \"@dejr5: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump &amp; Ben Carson 2016\" Wow!” I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !\"
\"@tweets_business: @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/wYbBBk197x\"
\"@Kittykatnip1970:  @SaveUSA2014 @realDonaldTrump If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve &amp; jobs would be created.
\"@PG1701: @realDonaldTrump Home or abroad, this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.\"
Sorry, I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
\"@Coximus2: Oh, Donald. Don't ever change @realDonaldTrump\" I will try not to!
\"@LeAnneLovesArt: @realDonaldTrump New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection... http://t.co/IxiP7foNjm\" Hello!
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergov
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building http://t.co/58VtvH02dW
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
\"@Jon_Senior: Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them?\" All!
\"@jenncase: .@realDonaldTrump for prez 2016 cuz #america\"
\"@AgentSanderson: @realDonaldTrump I hate myself for following you...\" But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!
\"@KrisinAL: @realDonaldTrump @FrankLuntz Explain? He's a pollster?\"  Yes, but a really bad (and boring) one!
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration http://t.co/JCUSwrR8k6  Obama will soon apologize.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view http://t.co/gWja7Bg58N
Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!
\"@RealTracyMyers BIG congrats to @realDonaldTrump on your DC hotel ground breaking.\"  Thank you.
\"@hillerjohn @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @EricTrump 'good looking family.' \" Thank  you.
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations &amp; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now http://t.co/g2go1LKRHG
\"@atyra63 @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!\"  Great, thanks!
\"@ohhellocelo: @realDonaldTrump when you take charge Mr Trump, that's when it's gonna change. #TRUMPforPresident !!!!\"
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying \"The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know\" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers top styles in  menswear. Dress your best http://t.co/hotvBi2EpI
A top rated NY course by @GolfDigestMag, @TrumpNationalNY provides award winning services and exceptional facilities http://t.co/sWFmZzb78C
\"@jakekahen @realDonaldTrump just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty\"  Thank you.
\"@JoePreni: @realDonaldTrump only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresident\"  I agree!
\"@mikkelmachete: @realDonaldTrump Take it away, take it away http://t.co/050URjW3AY\"
\"@gordoncowan: @TurnberryBuzz  Thank u 4 outstanding service &amp; attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Martin wedding on Fri. http://t.co/qjAgvxZhcG\"
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
\"@JenSwannStyle:  Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.\"
\"@BitLegal: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016.\"
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
\"@HOGdallas: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !!\" Thanks.
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
\"@JoeSillett: Only followed @realDonaldTrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use of @twitter is superb. #ManOfThePeople\"
\"@jimjacobs18: @realDonaldTrump are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? :)\" A very good question!
\"@DannyJones1967: @realDonaldTrump trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! #Trumpknowsbest\"
\"@nucmedman1: @realDonaldTrump our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.\"  True.
\"@mattdykstraMIZ: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.\"
\"@ASRteamMatt: @realDonaldTrump Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
\"@asa_willi8: After watching fox this morning, I'm convinced that @realDonaldTrump should run for President!\" Thanks.
\"@JenPinSD: @WSHEMP @realDonaldTrump donald trump for president!\"
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants http://t.co/VE85kBl3VT  Are you surprised?
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president http://t.co/cOu4hHarD4
Via @dallasnews’ @neighborsgo by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump http://t.co/mzEIagrIbs
NYC’s sole hamman, the bi-level @TrumpSoHo features indoor &amp; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services http://t.co/rNuggSkYaB
\"@Mashawwwws They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book by @realDonaldTrump and you become more intelligent.\" Thanks.
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
\"@CarrGaz @realdonaldtrump believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.\"  True, easy.
\"@meander2011 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...\"  I will!
\"@k940creed: @realDonaldTrump saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!\"
\"@stutskey: Thanks @realDonaldTrump for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas\"
\"@dgeurtt: Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by @realDonaldTrump - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump\" Thank you.
\"@Halesy74: Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @realDonaldTrump Great way to start Monday today D, tellin' it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?\"
\"@LynneOakvik: RT @40billion: Donald Trump Proves Hair Is Real | Interview | --In case you were wondering... http://t.co/OZ5BBDkHzu\"
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties, including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
\"@wrcosentino @TrumpTowerNY was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!!\"  Thanks.
\"Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time.\" - Think Like a Champion
A testament to American ingenuity @TrumpTowerNY shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYC’s most iconic buildings http://t.co/X4AqbiovV5
\"@SPE_Mike @realDonaldTrump I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!\"  Thank you.
\"@steamboatgal8: @realDonaldTrump Your my fav for 2016\" Thanks.
\"@phemale61: @MattBinder @realDonaldTrump Run Trump Run!!\"
\"@AveryChasten: @realDonaldTrump If not you, then who? #2016 #nooptions\"
Flashbk – “Trump: ‘I would build a border fence like you have never seen before’”http://t.co/4xeMNWrSb8 via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.\n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
Must read @nypost editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- \"Wilding for Profit\"  http://t.co/0gE8Jhipd7
\"@jimrcottage @timbdickson @realDonaldTrump @sternshow He was on Howard Stern last week.  Awesome interview!\" Thank you.
\"@ProVentures Excited to hear what Trump has in store for #Turnberry. If anything like @TrumpDoral we are in for a treat!\" It will be great!
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying, said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about \"human rights problems\" and this as everything is being blown up around him
\"@nikkio: DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their \"must visit\" list.\"
\"@gabtrojan: @realDonaldTrump surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!\"  Would make U.S. great again!
\"@MorganssCool: @realDonaldTrump please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!
\"@Lorde_Erc: Wish I had hair like @realDonaldTrump\" Great taste!
\"@wwtcorp: \"@realDonaldTrump: The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. http://t.co/YGUU9BGaYo\"\"
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
\"@algiers4: @realDonaldTrump @Reinosooo YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!\"
\"@AKD72: @realDonaldTrump I bet you will make hell of a president,  the world needs presidents like you\"
\"@mrkhanm87: Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.\"
\"@MissionH0tr0d: @realDonaldTrump If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016\" Thanks.
\"@Reinosooo: @realDonaldTrump are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.\"  Thank you.
\"@wftragni: @realDonaldTrump for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald!\" True.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!
\"@dsmerza: Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.\"
\"@BeatsByRay: @realDonaldTrump Donald you're the man\"  Thanks!
\"@AboutTheRock: @realDonaldTrump I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump.\" Terrific!
\"@AboutTheRock: Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.\"  Thank you, work hard and smart.
\"@jacquelynileneh: RT @teamhealthnut: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.\"  I agree!
\"@joebud123: @realDonaldTrump Which one of your books should I read first?\" The Art of the Deal
\"@DeeHogan21: @realDonaldTrump along with @DoonbegLodge ...heaven on earth\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria &amp; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
\"@Waldrop15w: @Kenny_Wallace @realDonaldTrump Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem\" Our leaders are stupid!
I know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphia—a real gem. http://t.co/pgSW9kWVck
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
\"Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you.\" - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury… http://t.co/L3jznotZbj
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
Virginia's highest rated wine by @WineEnthusiast, @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux &amp; Champagne http://t.co/hHvj9FfZ1z
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. http://t.co/kC0tMl7vs8
\"@mjb7: @realDonaldTrump . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..\"I will be running for President\". #TrumpForPresident
\"@Theramenes:  Get @realDonaldTrump into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.\"
\"@odonnelltw: @realDonaldTrump Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!\"
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
\"@NeecieMarie: @realDonaldTrump I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace, &amp; poise~ well done, &amp; #HappyFathersDay Sir.\" Thanks.
\"@JoshBurrnett: If Hilary Clinton runs for office. @realDonaldTrump HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada\"
\"@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.\"
\"@thespinepillow: @realDonaldTrump please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.\"
\"@JeniferStevens:  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best\"
\"@peterkleschen:  @CharlieMaikis Pineworst #2 is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?\"
\"@magnumCJ: @realDonaldTrump told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.\"  So true!
\"@DeannaSpillyard: Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!\"
\"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump We need Trump 1) in the NFL, 2) in the Oval Office, and 3) on his own reality show.\" Cute!
\"@myFMCase DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in #Toronto today Donald, your place is looking great! #TheTrumpWay http://t.co/yBlWCKNFVf\"
\"@quotedojo: A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation. ~Donald Trump\"
\"@gja360: @realDonaldTrump I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!\"  Thanks.
\"@troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or @realDonaldTrump tweets about the course?\"  Trump!
\"@SurayaZayn: @realDonaldTrump i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir.  Thank You.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA\" Great playing from beginning to end!
\"@benSEXT0N: @Cfeetsrevenge @LukeDonald @realDonaldTrump course didn't look good in HD just saying\"  No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!
\"@TedatACA: I concur with @realDonaldTrump on Pinehurst. IMO: Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
\"@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump it was nice of you to give @MattGinellaGC 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.\"  I agree!
\"@welsh @realDonaldTrump you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
\"@ic @MattGinellaGC stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.\"
\"@GolferMatt23: @realDonaldTrump Are the @MasterCard commercials filmed at Trump National LA?\"  Yes.
\"@matthewhkurth: @realDonaldTrump played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
\"@ZackAlcorn: @mikehyland21 @realDonaldTrump @aec4444 big time. I love Trump Bedminster\"
\"@g3stover: @MattGinellaGC is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with @realDonaldTrump\"  I can beat him in golf even easier!
@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
\"@rink914: @IanJamesPoulter  Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch\"
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW \"Blue Monster\" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster, @TrumpDoral is South Miami’s top destination http://t.co/QEzKBzi8jO
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur
\"@mmurph @realDonaldTrump trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!\"  Thank you.
\"Career Advice from Donald Trump\" http://t.co/xOSoEqoCh4 via @BNDarticles by @brittneyplz
Watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @MissUSA http://t.co/bFB20eAUYW The Crowning Moment!
Via @AP by @splaisance: \"@realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD @MissUSA\" http://t.co/GzqyPCxQfI
\"@MarcoGio13 Been listening to @realDonaldTrump speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president\"  Thx
\"@mkathleenhunter Donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you!\" Thank you.
\"@Yzaccount  @realDonaldTrump  Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are:)\" So nice, thanks!
\"@GamezFrank @realDonaldTrump when do you sleep?\"  Not much sleep for me!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
\"@amitgupta9 @realDonaldTrump is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way...\"  Thanks.
\"@woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done.\" Thanks and true.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments.\" Great, thx.
\"@danmillman  I give @realDonaldTrump a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible.\" Thanks (sort of)!
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
Another Obama disaster- http://t.co/9SimxShXZW
\"@Roney_Samuel: @realDonaldTrump was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational\"
\"@HeisenBarry: Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! @realDonaldTrump\"  Make America great again!
\"@bojo123be: @realDonaldTrump all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility.\" Thanks.
\"@Negroamigo11: @realDonaldTrump is the right man for the job #Trump2016\"
\"@2p2TrollCat: .@realDonaldTrump @petewaite976 @ApprenticeNBC That wouldn't be hard to do.\" True!
\"@bturner12387: @realDonaldTrump 2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run\"
\"@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Donald for President!\"  Thanks.
\"@petewaite976: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for #President2016, ratings for debate nights would blow @ApprenticeNBC right out of the water!
\"@DEMEGL10: @realDonaldTrump if you run...it will be the first time I vote\"
\"@themurphyz: The @realDonaldTrump tower is crazy. Absolutely in love. @TrumpToronto #service #amazing #Mrzbirthday\"
\"@Awizzel10: #Trump2016 You are an inspiration to me and my friends, @realDonaldTrump. #2016 #prez\"
\"@Awizzel10: @realDonaldTrump We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016\"
\"@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016\"
\"@cmull43: I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy\"
\"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
\"@diverojalv: @TaynishaGray Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions &amp; opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!\"
\"@1ChrisJoly: @realDonaldTrump Your ties are amazing.\"  Thanks.
\"@Teabo: How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in  New York, you can make it anywhere #NewYorkNY\"
\"@davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country\"
\"@TaynishaGray: So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?\"
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. http://t.co/FVxwNm68ki
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends When is Mr. @realDonaldTrump due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
\"@JoyceGoodman64: @realDonaldTrump run Mr. Trump...please we need you!\"
\"@pasVote RED in 2014 &amp; 2016 &amp; remove these inept clowns &amp; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!\"
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
\"@MrBearHere: @realDonaldTrump just started my business and everyday I tell myself #belikeTrump\" Very nice, thanks!
\"@laurenhuston:  My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today &amp; found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them!\" THANKS LAUREN!
\"@wisdomforwomen: “@realDonaldTrump: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.”  True!
\"@house6000: That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day!\"  THANKS!
\"@seankjensen: #whocaroniscalling… @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/R1kWLKNBJ8\"
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
With @ivankatrump and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. http://t.co/Y4YWQRBuLj
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. http://t.co/oMKlrSA2Iv
“You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
\"@persdevquotes: « Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. » Donald Trump http://t.co/dlDOgeKw4Q\"
\"@libProject: @realDonaldTrump You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful\" Interesting!
\"@kimberlykc1st: @realDonaldTrump COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP\"
\"@lbcxyz: @realDonaldTrump Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.\"
\"@TopSecret_PT: @realDonaldTrump - Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep?\"  Not much!
\"@Blvd @realDonaldTrump We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
\"Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true.\" - Joe Montana
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time @TrumpDoral right here http://t.co/4nPkwrnEvl
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
\"@Marooose  @Trump_Ireland welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #Doonbeg\"  Thank you!
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
\"@Texxas_Gal @irishabroad @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Trump_Ireland @ShannonAirport beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip\"  Thank you.
\"@ClareTourism Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in @ShannonAirport  Enjoy your stay in Clare\"  Thank you.
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views &amp; top restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu’s premier hotel http://t.co/4cSwusZg2u
\"@WSOG2014 Hey, @realDonaldTrump Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at @TrumpDoral or @BLTPrimeMiami?\" Both=great reviews
\"@JMcElray        @realDonaldTrump @TrumpWaikiki, BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu.\" Thanks
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
“Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion
\"@Carbuccia You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump\" Thx
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
\"@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great\" True &amp; thx
Celebrated for its room views by @LuxTravelExpert, @TrumpChicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City http://t.co/2mPwSPrDtz
With the world’s top amenities, @TrumpTO’s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle http://t.co/ULCGSI40Ym
\"@imFRANGtastic: @realDonaldTrump would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@61Webhead: @realDonaldTrump You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump\"
\"@BSS8888: @realDonaldTrump Simple as that #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@BethAndersonEsq: You make this country great &amp; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story.\" Thank you Beth
\"@musedSUCCESS: @realDonaldTrump We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!\"
\"@Leonard @realDonaldTrump Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@larkin_dotty: @realDonaldTrump I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!\"
\"@rockenmoma: @realDonaldTrump Bring the \"honesty\" to the White House. Even @IvankaTrump thinks you should! #2016\"
\"@slbernard1: @realDonaldTrump @IamSloany Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....\"
\"@iDSoutherl @realDonaldTrump Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!\"
\"@thechrismcqueen: @realDonaldTrump Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you\"  Thank you, or country can be great again!
\"@beltex63: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
\"@GlamorousTeam: @realDonaldTrump love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day!\" Thanks.
\"@Old_VanessaG: @realDonaldTrump Trump for PRESIDENT!!\"
\"@dineroworkceo: @realDonaldTrump your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!\"  Thank you.
\"@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are the president we need!!\"  Thanks
\"@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump the only thing we need Is you too run!!\"  We can be great again.
\"@IamSloany: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero\"  So nice, thanks.
\"@BigThasYourBack: @realDonaldTrump spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!\"  Thanks.
\"@CarsonMotz: @realDonaldTrump YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.\"  Thank you!
\"@KeithWhittingt1: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!\"
\"@anastasiasoula7: @realDonaldTrump Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!\"
\"@mattseba: @realDonaldTrump wonderful ideals on @foxandfriends . We need a \"phenomenal president\" like you!\"
\"@Grinderswitch: @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Donald run please you can fix this mess\"
\"@ShawnQuinnsh1: @realDonaldTrump RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!\"
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
\"@MissUniverseHom: @MissUniverse @realDonaldTrump Gabriela Isler #Beautiful #TheBest http://t.co/1y4Xa5LszB\" Gabriela is doing a great job!
\"@fink13 @golfvoyager @ShannonAirport Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May\"  Me too.
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? http://t.co/iFZRjKmWjP It’s Obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium.
Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue” http://t.co/9xUS7oPepE He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs…http://t.co/j45zVecoXd
.@TrumpDoral’s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments http://t.co/4cVNkl9Vwo
\"@JimMolton: @realDonaldTrump, Great job on Fox and Friends !\"  Thanks.
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
\"We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business.\" - Think Like a Champion
.@NJPGA Club of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses http://t.co/8mRlTsNogE
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
“@IvankaTrump: ‘Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region’”  http://t.co/tkrJ4epiPU via @aawsat_eng by Musaid Al-Zayani
\"@FrohawkMahDude   I liked @realDonaldTrump, but the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia\"  @nflcommish
\"@josegonzalez_69                     @realDonaldTrump If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!\" @nflcommish
\"@AndrewZufel @realDonaldTrump You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills &amp; kept them in WNY.\" @nflcommish
\"@yvonnecr  @realDonaldTrump  please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great\"  I agree!
\"@coachofspin  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!\"  True! @jacknicklaus
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was \"not political\" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
\"@2letters1number:I've been watching YouTube videos on @WarrenBuffett, @BillGates &amp; @realDonaldTrump all day. Feeling really inspired.\"Great
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
\"@LisaMills62: @realDonaldTrump You're so successful &amp; admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!\"  Thanks!
\"@Prayformetoo: @realDonaldTrump I detest @ariannahuff with a passion!\"   And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!
\"@MikeM @realDonaldTrump Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?\"
\"@JWysocki91: @realDonaldTrump I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!\"  Thank you!
\"@chpnaput:  Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!\"
Al Sharpton said they are \"even making it more harder to register people to vote\". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “TRUMP: ‘I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE’” http://t.co/4xeMNWrSb8
My interview with WMUR’s @JoshMcElveen at #NHFreedomSummit \nhttp://t.co/CadFELfiG1
Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United &amp; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
On the shores of Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course http://t.co/y04JVKFsAN
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. \n -- Winston Churchill
\"@bahia6085  Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on @foxandfriends\"  Thanks.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA  @reallDonaldTrump Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though..\" @foxandfriends
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. \n -- Winston Churchill
The people of Ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism @AlexSalmond\n  http://t.co/IJ00bXc6h0
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
\"@TrumpGolfLA: ICYMI: Fantastic commercial @TrumpGolfLA feat. @JordanSpieth &amp; #tombrady Thanks @UnderArmour &amp; @espn http://t.co/45rMvZokIh\"
.@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
\"@RabbitR \"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral @JJcompitGolf just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!\"
\"@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realDonaldTrump #mentor\"  Thanks.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! @HPMARKETNEWS @DoryaInteriors http://t.co/RRC1jMWclG
\"@tiffanypearls: @realDonaldTrump I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016\"
\"@brucetobin: @realDonaldTrump Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote\"
\"@InTheElections: @realDonaldTrump @racrboi90 Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
\"@HighlifeLondon: @realdonaldtrump, our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
\"@mike_carrion99: @realDonaldTrump Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit.\" Nicely said!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
\"@MikeHemenway: Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader! @realDonaldTrump what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree
\"@oversplayer: @realDonaldTrump “Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.”  Mickey Rooney
\"@jplw70: @realDonaldTrump @Lexi So happy for her too, she played super!\"  She is a great player and a great person!
@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!
\"@chriswerner1988: @realDonaldTrump Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red &amp; white!\"  Thanks.
.@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many \"majors\". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
\"@MonergyTheBook @TrumpPanama In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago.\" Thanks.
\"@KanStalwart3  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans\"
\"@DrewHutch13  w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources.\" @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!   http://t.co/AyFhRGf39v @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
\"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.\" -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
\"@xadusx @realDonaldTrump @SamJabbo or \"Never give up\" they're all my favorite though, read them all!\" Thanks--good luck!
\"@dalasner @realDonaldTrump Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience.\" He would have no chance!
\"@DrewMadeOFF  RT @realDonaldTrump RT @tx_shaun its #true, he didn't get his show until after he won the @ApprenticeNBC\"  True!
\"@DrewMadeOFF RT @realDonaldTrump RT @AlexArancio @ArsenioHall It's why he failed originally and will fail again\" It's called disloyal!
\"@_MarcoGenovese @realDonaldTrump never give up! That's how you make it happen.\" True!
Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
\"@TheTrueAnthony: Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without @ApprenticeNBC. How much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.
.@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
\"@tripletluv11: @realDonaldTrump @pwnza I think you would make a great kick butt President!!\"
\"@betsyscribeindc: @realDonaldTrump Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it.\" TRUE!
\"@oben02: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.  @realDonaldTrump
\"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.\"  -- Wayne Gretzky
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- https://t.co/Y1GWc6nvTu
\"@TpGraf82 @realDonaldTrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets \"trump2016\" Thank you
\"@jvickersdc  Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca\" Thx
\"@AngelProRoofing @TrumpDoral I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far.\" Thanks.
\"@jeffraissle @realDonaldTrump  When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!\"  Very soon--shooting now!
Thank you to @GaryVanSickle &amp; Sports Illustrated @SInow  for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue  http://t.co/VSdRxGkUMC
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? http://t.co/nxJkcDxZg1
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
\"@Pepper4366 Thought your show would never return. What is start date. #CelebrityApprentice\"  Start shooting next week!
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
“Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”   Anonymous
\"The best vision is insight.\" -- Malcolm Forbes
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
\"@JoeTorre   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday @TrumpDoral! The new #BlueMonster lived up to its name\"  Thanks Joe.
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the @TrumpCollection careers here: http://t.co/M5m5hGPfMe
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is \"the best course I've ever played\"
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
\"@TheGrumpyHusky: The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a \"Masterpiece\" - it is Immortal\"
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a \"masterpiece\" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
\"@kostoff2: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is &amp; how much they are looking fwd to it.
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
\"@abbysullz: @realDonaldTrump your tweets made my night\"
\"@viclillo: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars\"
\"@scorpio_man1973: The best ending to the #Oscars would have been @realDonaldTrump saying \"You're Fired\"\"
\"@pandoerra: @realDonaldTrump I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump #oscars\" MUCH BETTER!
\"@DianeLMarshall_: @realDonaldTrump When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?\"  We shall see!
\"@CATHCO9: @boboxm103nyc Goes to @realDonaldTrump Best tweets of the night.\" #Oscars
\"@BC4040: @realDonaldTrump Thank God it's over!\"
\"@juanmalird: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald genius\"
\"@elkaneh: @realDonaldTrump thanks for a memorable oscars!\" #Oscars  No problem.
\"@dp1489: Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@reza_rezvani: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President. This country needs you. #Trump2016\" zip. I know!  #Oscars
What is he reading? #Oscars
\"@_Brandoh: @realDonaldTrump Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host\"
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
\"@rickruff23: @realDonaldTrump So true. Ellen is a train wreck\"
\"@williamn95: @realDonaldTrump is my favorite celebrity/business man, please run for president we need someone competent\" So true!
\"@vlasaro: @realDonaldTrump You inspire me to keep going on every day\"
\"@CashMoneyBonas: @realDonaldTrump I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars\"
\"@JoshGliege: @realDonaldTrump is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016\"
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
\"@nate_north43: @realDonaldTrump is the man\" So true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
\"@PattyWagSwag: @realDonaldTrump run for president please.\"
\"@benjamin_mayne: @realDonaldTrump You've won me over. Great job tonight.\" I'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! #Oscars
\"@christuhglo: @realDonaldTrump I love how you handle the haters\" You mean the haters and losers!
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
\"@jshah500: @realDonaldTrump You are the most negative person I've ever followed.\"  Thank you!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
\"@AMENREMINISCE: @realDonaldTrump hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)\"
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
\"@BRAD_R0BINS0N: @realDonaldTrump is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!\"
\"@thrashingkitty: Hahaha @realDonaldTrump is killing it with the #oscars tweet.\"
\"@johnnyhabit: @realDonaldTrump why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius, asshole!
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
\"@wee_eats: best part of #theoscars so far is reading @realDonaldTrump's twitter account\" I agree!
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible! #Oscars
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
\"@ericksonrt05: @realDonaldTrump but my new trump ties rock!!!\" That's true!
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
\"@jodyhagemann: @realDonaldTrump please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer. http://t.co/ik1BhlGWWe\"
\"@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week!\" Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: http://t.co/5GlFlzUcuk
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
\"@darealfito: @realDonaldTrump not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!\"
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
\"@BarrusTJ:  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016\"
\"@mvmoreno1961: “@pmdino007: @realDonaldTrump @stewart5337 You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
\"@kathy1453: @realDonaldTrump @DannBushh I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.\"
\"@ChrisFoley_: Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow @realDonaldTrump\" GREAT!
\"@getownedbyjones: .@realDonaldTrump @DannBushh #America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.\"
\"@sobakawa89: @realDonaldTrump  He'll never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust?\" I' ve done worse!
\"@_xx_justme: “@realDonaldTrump: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president.\" So do many others - thanks!” You have my vote\"
\"@kelsey_2155: @realDonaldTrump you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much.\"   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
\"@DannBushh: @realDonaldTrump I think you should run for president.\" So do many others - thanks!
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
\"@tahanna: @realDonaldTrump hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.\"  So nice!
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
\"@kathyshirer: Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt!\" Thank you!
\"@rm61307: Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump @GovChristie If Mr.Trump will not run in '16, Christie is the answer. No B/S, no bowing!
\"@chrismashimbyi: The Art Of The Deal by @realDonaldTrump is one of the greatest books ever!\"  Thank you!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp
\"@reexaminelife  Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations\" Thx.
“Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews” http://t.co/EW89uqNXV2  via @sacbee_news
“Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – Think Big
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticut’s most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities http://t.co/ezK3NiFpIx
\"Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work.\" - Think Like a Champion
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
\"@nabalab: @realDonaldTrump with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your \"rivalry\" with @VinceMcMahon? #YoureFired\" Ask Vince!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my \"twitter\" it is a total scam!
\"@ann_eads: @realDonaldTrump I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.\"
\"@mega1123: @realDonaldTrump Please Mr. Trump, put @derekhough on your show #CelebApprentice?\"  He would do great!
\"@GolfSwingShirt: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !\"  Say hi to PADRAIG!
@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!
@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” http://t.co/zqXwPev4oo
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Rio de Janeiro joins the @TrumpCollection in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel! http://t.co/AbDOSrzAZo
\"Chance favors the prepared mind.\"\n-- Louis Pasteur
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
The @PGATOUR comes to Miami on March 6th when the @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral http://t.co/887inAZsUg See you there!
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Via @MiamiHerald: “@IvankaTrump talks family and business” http://t.co/sAauccnF2b
\"@Gfeorg: @realDonaldTrump President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.\"
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
\"@linclonone  Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox\"  Thank you
The @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th http://t.co/887inAZsUg Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.\n-- Thomas A. Edison
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
\"@kwrcrow: @realDonaldTrump Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work.\" I will, thanks!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
\"@betterhermann: @realDonaldTrump What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision.\"
\"@TONYWELCH007: @realDonaldTrump It all starts at@Trump Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
Hope &amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt  http://t.co/qErjUHyUlH
Excited for tomorrow’s Politics &amp; Eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @NECouncil &amp; @nhiop. Live stream here http://t.co/0wen0kBnOJ
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
\"Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.\"  Henry Ford
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) http://t.co/tyD2AJfpry
\"@brianerbland                     \n@realDonaldTrump is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP\" Thanks.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
\"@ScotlandGolf1 Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played &amp; that is saying something\" True, thx http://t.co/XXQavT8KwO
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
\"@GunBunInTheOven: .@realDonaldTrump YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@bbeltku: Named my first born son after @realDonaldTrump Hope he lives up to the name!\"  He will be a total winner!
\"@jesale84: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things
\"@mckprk: @realDonaldTrump is my inspiration to be great\" Work hard and smart!
\"@RealMaky: I really look up to @realDonaldTrump his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart 🙏\"
\"@benlouix: @realDonaldTrump you are the most influential man in the world. And @RSherman_25 is a close second after tonight's game\"
\"@ChadSheridan: I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes, @realDonaldTrump the guy is smart.
\"@jeffredman5: @realDonaldTrump #Trump4Prez\"  Thank you!
\"@Badash78: @realDonaldTrump @ToddThomson12 @RSherman_25 Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.\"
\"@sendrajeremy: Can only try to be as successful as the @realDonaldTrump #GetKatapulted\"  Work hard!
\"@ToddThomson12: Is there enough room for @RSherman_25 and @realDonaldTrump egos in NYC at the same time?\" YES!
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- http://t.co/UnzMbVodMo
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI                     \n@realDonaldTrump @ArekRNBN Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion!\"  Thanks.
\"@KarateMomCCM                      \nYou are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense.\"   Thank you.
\"@FlushingHearing             \n@realDonaldTrump Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday\"10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!
\"@ArekRNBN              \nJust finished another great Trump book, one more to go @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/DPsvidFk1i\"  Great!
\"@ejfriday                     \n@realDonaldTrump Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers\" Thanks.
\"@betterhermann                 @caleb2207 @oreillyfactor I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to.\" Agree
\"@jjprl @TrumpDoral  what an amazing spot. Donald Trump &amp; his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself\" Thx
@jglenstevens No, we need a great businessman.
@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
\"@vijaychopra7       \nU are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts\" Thank you.
\"@CaliPaulMichael                     \n@realDonaldTrump do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you??\" Yes.
\"@nsatte: @realDonaldTrump I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be.\" From Serta!
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
\"@Sunflowers362: @realDonaldTrump I have been reviewing my options for this #Obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. I'm worried!\"
@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
\"@CarmineValenti: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, They'll be 162-0 every year
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
\"@gjcream: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners.\" Thank you!
\"@HeelsofsteelAH: @realDonaldTrump Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!\"
\"@RGhilinoCLU: I bought a couple beautiful @realDonaldTrump ties at @Macys today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.\"
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
\"@IvankaTrump: .@GolfDigestMag predicts that @realDonaldTrump is Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint\"
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
\"@Herr_Barclay: Got to love the Monday segments by @realDonaldTrump on Fox &amp; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
\"@BobBursey: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president, you'll get my vote. Along with every one I know\" Thanks, so nice!
\"@secaucus00: @realDonaldTrump respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids\" Thanks Bob.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Via @TIMEPolitics by @zekejmiller: “Trump To Visit New Hampshire” http://t.co/ydotdDWcDs
Just hit a million on Facebook- http://t.co/FDv4aLoomz
\"@Drake4444444                    \nthe only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres &amp; bring common sense back to govt\" Thx.
\"@jorgekb                  \n@TrumpDoral  Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !! \" Thank you.
Entrepreneurs – be tough, resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen
\"@4clint               \nwhat is key to attracting new customers.thanks\" The gold standard, only the best for clients &amp; customers. Every time
“The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
\"@SueGriffiths19                  \nBeen a bit quiet lately? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up?\" Be positive, do your best!
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Ask yourself, \"Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?\" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
\"@alefx33: Nelson Mandela and @realDonaldTrump two world's leaders http://t.co/CbgQodlVnW\"
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
@TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
\" @ZootmanTom                 \n@realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom.  Merry Christmas &amp; happy new year\"  Thanks.
\"@BigBobLarsen               \n I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire...\"  Thank you.
#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
\"@CitizenZeroLand: @realDonaldTrump Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real.\"  Very cool, thanks!
\"@BaatorKosu: @realDonaldTrump awesome\"  Thsnks!
\"@kuhteesmiff: I love Donald Trump. #apprenticeaddict .... @realDonaldTrump ❤️\" Thank you, so nice!
\"@Ludlow_Matthew: First time in @TrumpTowerNY and in NYC, and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss! Beautiful building and a must see place!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from “The Street.”      \nhttp://t.co/Cv5n5PFDIj
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, @TrumpScotland, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! http://t.co/5iBGLd5dHm
“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
\"@brentporter34:  #firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!
\"@PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for @TIME person of the year,@realDonaldTrump. Time=no guts!
\"@BlakeGermony: @realDonaldTrump the only man that understands politics, #trump2016\"
\"@illest_beats: @realDonaldTrump i think you would be our best president since Reagan\"
\"@0xbloood: @ForQ2 @realDonaldTrump Hey I LOVE @realDonaldTrump He is a man that commands authority\"  Thank you!
Exciting news—After massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. \nhttp://t.co/4KaTXXwm9q
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
\"@DennyHuntington                     \n@foxandfriends I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations\" Thanks
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed  http://t.co/ACAa5e50Cs  His signature legislation...
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews.
It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp; managers.
As always &amp; due to popular demand,@TrumpRink will be open  Christmas eve &amp; day as well as New Year's eve &amp; day http://t.co/lxbXG52zKi
\"@wakafee1017                   \n@realDonaldTrump Everyone should look at what he has done &amp; take notes if you want to be successful.\" Thx
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
Via @bluegreentweet: \"Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed\"http://t.co/YWlqaSCQSQ
\"@discretepi4you                    \n @foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense!\" Thanks.
\"@foolishvessel                     \n - was so awesome u hosted @NaghmehAbedini this week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed!\" I will!
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category), it is terrific.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
\"@CONKJR:   did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard\" Thank you!
@VanityFair   Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
Here we go again via @timesunion.com http://t.co/8Tc9qBUgbZ ... another bad deal.
@griffithspb  Thanks.
\"@StephenWancha         \n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada!!!\" Thanks.
@clary77 Thank you.
@KevRedford Have fun, enjoy NYC.
“Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
Many great business campaigns at @fundanything http://t.co/p8wc062aWF Great way to support small upstarts.
Trump Int. Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting &amp; beautiful  tower http://t.co/zAa6vDqkie
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
@pinguspusher Thank you.
\"@FFXFamilyFun:My boy (6) is REALLY into @PassGoMonopoly and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ;)\"  My honor
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
\"@AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!\"
\"@skew11: I hope and know @realDonaldTrump will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him &amp; Trump University!\"
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?  http://t.co/NRQHoDBwA0
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our \"leaders\" have plenty!
FLASHBACK -  October 9, 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'” http://t.co/XWnKrWl3sp  Proven right again!
\"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do.\" -- Steve Jobs
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
W/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms &amp; world-class restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii http://t.co/sawW8bGjBZ
President Obama played golf yesterday???
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
\"@FransiscoMlaza: @realDonaldTrump \"Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems\" ~ Donald Trump\"
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
“True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
\"@_maleki_: @realDonaldTrump : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016.\" Thank you, very nice.
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
\"@el_juino: @realDonaldTrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win\"
\"@joeyb134: I hope @realDonaldTrump will invite me to golf with him @TrumpDoral when it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place\"
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
\"@BrahSumatra: @realDonaldTrump Remember when you use to have real hair?\" (Spelling) - I still do dummy, it is all mine!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
\"@gutterferret: @realDonaldTrump tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact! #TrumpVine\"  O.K., on Monday!
\"@seancourt: I feel safer knowing men like @realDonaldTrump are around\"  Thank you.
\"@tglivak: @KingspeedSimms if you don't already follow @realDonaldTrump, you should. #youcanthankmelater\"  So true!
@GOP House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Hope &amp; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, &amp; ObamaCare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away http://t.co/beCpF6ZzTv
@zak_boxer Never give up!
Beauty arrives to Moscow’s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!  On @nbc, the world will watch @MissUniverse 2013 crowned  http://t.co/XQrdpzpJYq
@JShue20 Great!
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
@sundayhorse  Thanks.
@BrightonPatriot @Mulder1981 @AlexSalmond True--he is killing Scotland!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
\"@Luv2raise: @realDonaldTrump Please, please run for President in 2016. We need something to look forward to &amp; someone to look up to!\"
\"@GorgesSteven: @realDonaldTrump run for president please!\"
\"@The_News_DIVA: @realDonaldTrump You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.\"  He deserves it, thanks.
\"@julibanko: Missing my days at #trumpwinery. @realDonaldTrump is my hero.\"  Thank you.
\"@ellenmarie47: @realDonaldTrump @jannunz7 I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.\"  SO TRUE!
\"@jannunz7: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.
\"@Deny62Wilson: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire\"  TRUE.
\"@BobKurlander: @realDonaldTrump Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range, putting green.  Will happen.
\"@juanmatava: @realDonaldTrump gives me a lot of strength.\"
\"@earn_it_work: @realDonaldTrump @billmaher see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp; a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos &amp; all oil is going to Iran &amp; China http://t.co/z5feKpJfUr Terrible mistake!
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” http://t.co/0CgLKxjXYm
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Via @inventorspot by Myra Per-Lee: “Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It”  http://t.co/YHelZMCXbi
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website http://t.co/rQz1rRvz5H
Thanks to ObamaCare’s device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs http://t.co/AUxXIKuq26 ObamaCare will kill ingenuity.
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both  Forbes Five-Star &amp; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant http://t.co/iwQgbifk5D
\"@TrumpVancouver has makings of iconic landmark: Erickson-designed highrise  ...\" http://t.co/4B8cLnmaxA via @VancouverSun
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!
@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
@bradkovach Sadly true!
\"@jantwo62: @realDonaldTrump Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.
\"@SirBlaineRichie: @BillGates, @WarrenBuffett and @realDonaldTrump are the most inspirational people i know of.\"
\"@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600,000,000 surplus! #Trump2016\"
\"@KathyRushford: @realDonaldTrump Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?\"  No, MUCH MORE!
\"@Semjazaraziel: @realDonaldTrump @TamiMiddleton We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created\"
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
\"@Mackiaveli13: @realDonaldTrump Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
\"@tlbasnight: @realDonaldTrump you are that Leader. Think about it.\"  Thanks.
\"@TamiMiddleton LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!\"
\"@fournier_ian: @realDonaldTrump Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respect\"  Buy in great location, low interest.
\"@Nodakgus:  This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!\"
“Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarino
Message to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp; @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!
Doing an interview with @SteveDeaceShow. Discussing the ObamaCare  web disaster. Be sure to listen http://t.co/3mIrqrqG2D
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfLA brings luxury &amp; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU
Where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record http://t.co/foGcQyOIZy
Help fund @Dratzenberger’s new show ‘American Made’ on @fundanything http://t.co/4BaW1ECkzD John is on @teamcavuto today re project.
Via @ArabianBusiness: “Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course” http://t.co/qdXaFOo1jl
@bgholms  Thanks.
@RajvirBoparai  Thanks, good luck.
@MacFaddenRyan @SongMemories Hi Ryan.
.@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago.
@willdavenport1 Great, thanks.
“Sixteen” @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it!
Trump Int’l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
@ukn96 They get fired.
@Beliefheals  Thank you, good luck.
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
\"@Austin_Fall: Monetarily, in 2016, we will be in such terrible shape that having @realDonaldTrump as POTUS would be a great idea for U.S.
\"GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run\" http://t.co/fcVdLyVxPr via @nypost by @fud31
@Prince_Keign Perhaps--no decision yet.
@SunSentinel: New look for Blue Monster:@TrumpDoral's signature golf course is more challenging &amp; fan friendlier http://t.co/5gTwYE68hN
@yankeefan3000 Thanks--@Macys.com
@ComplexGenius  Thanks.
@IanCurbishley Thank you.
@AlyssaMenasci My honor.
@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!
@905K9 Thanks.
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
@AlyssaMenasci You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Ranked a top course @GolfMagazine &amp; 6 Star Diamond Award, Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes http://t.co/ykloZgMUEx
\"@joedmti: @realDonaldTrump U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!
\"@SunnyPahoujaDDS: @realDonaldTrump your @TrumpLasVegas is an amazing property thru n thru.\"  Thank you-tallest &amp; most beautiful in LasVegas
@AnnetteNavaret  Great.
@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine.
\"@vinnypac: @realDonaldTrump gr8 spot on@foxandfriends. Insightful, honest, Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY\"
\"@01101O10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate @realdonaldtrump does that all the time.\"  I've made over ten billion $'s, you idiot!
\"@jlow6603: Best part about Monday mornings is listening to @realDonaldTrump on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!!\" Thank you!
\"@michell33841372: @realDonaldTrump @PMPrindiville Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about.\" Thanks!
\"@Miranda__Phoebe: @realDonaldTrump graduated from @Wharton (the School of Champions).\" Great school, true!
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion\" Think Like a Champion
With the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
An iconic building and top tourist attraction, @TrumpTowerNY sets New York City’s luxury standard http://t.co/JrjBe4aRat &amp; great food!
\"@TheGINE3000: @realDonaldTrump We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.\"
\"@bobbymayojr: @realDonaldTrump Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !\"
\"@GeneMcVay: @realDonaldTrump The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. @SpeakerBoehner
\"@WRNSR: @realDonaldTrump Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of \"The Art of the Deal\" (Maybe autographed)\"
\"@jacadere: @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
\"@bprunty67: @realDonaldTrump the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!\"
@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
\"@ryan_mcvicker: Went to @realDonaldTrump winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday, it was awesome! One of the best!\"  Thanks!
“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller
Since stop &amp; frisk was struck down, gun shootings &amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. http://t.co/aIUe2dSaNf
@deedeegop @GretchenCarlson @FoxNews Dee Dee-- Great seeing you @FoxNews. You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
@kingsthings @TrumpNewYork Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
@growingupbryce Happy Birthday!
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view http://t.co/82lbwXpKed A landmark!
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
\"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.\"  Thanks.
@BrennenChase   Thanks!
@mikemarchlik  Thank you!
\"@jesssizzle28: @realDonaldTrump for president\"  Thank you!
@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice.
@karliejanowski   Thanks Karlie!
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
@Miranda_Diplo              \n\"I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But @realDonaldTrump is our nation's answer.\" Thanks.
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund!
“Here’s the truth, the gov't doesn’t shutdown” http://t.co/Ny6RxVYiP0 via @AP. All essential services continue.  Don't believe lies.
\"@WarrenBuffett insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.” http://t.co/sa6z4YKHb0
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Director’s Cut http://t.co/NZh2ycczGv @pennjillette @bradwyman
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
Via @successmagazine by @MikeSeemuth: “Trump Power” http://t.co/CF3CXGnNac
\"@KingNSG: @realDonaldTrump we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so.\"  Thank you.
\"@piersmorgan: Smartest man in American television &gt; Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice\"
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
\"@jzpi: AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after @realDonaldTrump #totalhack\"  Thank you!
\"@30carguy: @realDonaldTrump could you do a better job??\"  YES!
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
\"@JeffPetak: @realDonaldTrump when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play?\" November 15.
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible! http://t.co/Nt3BYffNdD
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Great column by David Bossie at @BreitbartNews: “A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare” http://t.co/AC2vYQckGz
Congrats to @BreitbartNews’ @mboyle1 on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'  http://t.co/Ot06krvMQg
Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
\"@SarahBeth1020: @realDonaldTrump &amp; @seanhannity on @FoxNews this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends\" Thanks Sarah.
\"@ProjectMayhem_M: @realDonaldTrump will be our next president. Mark my words.\"  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore Roosevelt
So much for ‘global warming.’ Earth is cooling at a record pace http://t.co/Kig0fLOWRK
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel, @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining &amp; The Spa  http://t.co/Cnf6k64VNv
Adopt the Arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs http://t.co/B4NhYPf0TJ
@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
#TheView Lots of fun on @TheViewTV with @JennyMcCarthy and \n@SherriEShepherd-\nhttp://t.co/IsACcFE5i6
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the \"rebels\" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
\"@dongibson12: @realDonaldTrump @RiqardPaliq Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old, rich ex president in good health. So nice!
\"@TRUE_A_Smith: @realDonaldTrump thoughts on Geno??\"  He played great, especially for his first game!
\"@JonC316: @realDonaldTrump Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow, \"even if released.\" Can he go back in that statement?!?  He should!
\"@jamesshelby: @realDonaldTrump What is your opinion on Tebow?\" Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
\"@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump Watch Donald, I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss.\" A tough one to take!
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
\"@ptmaher1: @realDonaldTrump visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!\"  Thanks.
\"@RiqardPaliq: @realDonaldTrump you are my inspiration,you are true legend,and i wish i had same fate like you!!!\"  You are doing well.
\"@dashinglis: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em\"
\"@RangerLE901: @realDonaldTrump @robin1260 yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.\"
\"@michael_mkw10: @realDonaldTrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
\"@robin1260: “@realDonaldTrump Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
\"@charliemassie: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president. For obvious reasons.\"
\"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.\"  Thanks!
\"@_itsTracy: @realDonaldTrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help\" Cute!
\"@Omaha_Tiger: I realize what a mess we're in by watching @FoxNews...then I read @realDonaldTrump tweets...like a breath of fresh air\"Thanks
\"@JamieeMingg: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Thanks!
\"@DeadlyKittenz: @realDonaldTrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and cash? #trump2016\"  We have no choice
@ArsenioHall   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
\"@LucyInTheSky61: @realDonaldTrump @53andlex Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!\"  Thanks!
\"@EwudziYamoah: @realDonaldTrump Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work,\"  Thank you!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
\"@EGSIV: @ArsenioHall actually @realDonaldTrump should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class\"   Thanks for your nice remark!
\"@53andlex: @realDonaldTrump, please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense!\" Thank you.
\"@schulesix3: Roast of @JamesFrancoTV will be the best one since @realDonaldTrump\"  OK, as long as mine remains number one!
\"@mikethoms85: @realDonaldTrump with all due respect, Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq.\"  You will seldom see me defending Bush.
\"@DanScavino: @realDonaldTrump - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria &amp; where USA ships would attack from.
@tkeller316  Thanks!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
\"@libertybellskp: @realDonaldTrump That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.\"
\"@bdeal10: @realDonaldTrump you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!\"True
\"@SwagDaddyYol0: Why isn't @realDonaldTrump president instead of Obama ??\"  That is truly a good question!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
@AaronPha_q  Thanks.
@d_murphy13                   \n\"@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!\"
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations.\" http://t.co/9U6Jnxn45F
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
@ElmarosuElvin  Thank you.
My @foxandfriends int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. http://t.co/n0FX6rEXyr
Via @todayshow: \"Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'\"  http://t.co/dlTp60JtiI
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” http://t.co/Dp7tVy0BEL
@TuleTwilight  Interesting!
@MichaelPMulhall @CNBC I don't think he can!
Via @InverurieHerald: \"Trump’s new course plans on display\" http://t.co/IroevQoXZT
Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
Fox and Friends
@cloverc8 Thanks!
@Chuckdhere So true!
@Mr_Smoooth Great place- thanks!
@merryman34 Thanks!
@samtrisi Thanks!
“Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John Wayne
Obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective http://t.co/7gwqgsnTOi @BIZPACReview
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4
#TrumpAdvice http://t.co/f0Sjhe80OL
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- https://t.co/o15RIt7TgN
\"@Clarko76: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
@Pollysdaughter   Very cute!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
@MoFarber          \n\"@realDonaldTrump I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!\" Great!
@sonnset2  He knows the best place!
@PartylikeRlove1 A long time ago, thanks.
@Timm_Martin I understand, thanks.
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for \"Best Pet-Friendly Hotel\"   http://t.co/g30BfQgFE9
\"Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you.\" - Think Like a Champion
@stingluver                    \n\"@realDonaldTrump my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!\" Thank you Logan and Erin.
@jodiyilek             \n\"@realDonaldTrump you have my vote! ★★★★★\"  Thanks.
@mjayshilling  Thanks.
@Sam_Rellim So true--thanks.
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
“Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@MatthewSmales1   Thank you!
\"@texas4: @realdonaldtrump great speech in Iowa\" Thank you, it was fun!
\"@duqVille: hey @realDonaldTrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.\"  Thanks!
\"@RonnaKirkland: @realDonaldTrump Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them.\"   @ericbolling is this so?
\"@LinFlies: @realDonaldTrump @KevinMartinRI We need you in the White House Trump!\"  Thank you!
Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel
\"@McLeanGolf: Drove around the new \"Blue Monster\" again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
\"@MikeLaJnyc: @realDonaldTrump spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!\"
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
\"Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.\"\n--Mark Twain
@DavyMac_1972  Thanks!
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
@DianeJackson9 @anniehepburn Thanks.
OmikronDreamer           \n\"@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?\"  Yes.
@AustinSaysThat  Great!
@FredrikEklundNY               \n\"Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the assignment!!!!! ❤\"  Great job, Fredrik!
\"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.\" - Goethe
\"Donald Trump’s http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD Breaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record\" http://t.co/4ez23shwY9
Via @BW: \"Thomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia\"  http://t.co/Ayus1Q7gRu @trumpwinery @EricTrump
@tamilasami  The key word is \"yet.\" Keep at it, never give up.
@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. \"Action  is the foundational key to all success.\"\nPablo  Picasso
\"@tomuchpolitics: @realDonaldTrump I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?\"  With a little good guidance, great!
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.
@Icallbullsh_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks.
\"@liamvanvorhis: @realDonaldTrump @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
\"@Kelley_1968: @realDonaldTrump we hit 3,000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE RT!http://t.co/nINMzy1cGc @TheEllenShow
@GallenofMilk13 Great going.
\"@EdmondShami: @realDonaldTrump just started reading your book #ThingBig, it's freaking amazing!\"
\"@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel @realDonaldTrump to win the job! Go get it!
@noall   Thank you!
\"@lauren_boals: Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
\"@YouWantTheDJoe: Not gonna lie @realDonaldTrump is my idol\"  Great!
\"@ekokurn: RT @realDonaldTrump: “Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi\"
@Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks.
@BaronToutenberg               \n\"@realDonaldTrump What advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife Huma?\" Take off!
@JaminCoolJ                  \n\"@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best?\" I'd better not say!
“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi
@PIETIEV  Thanks!
@chef2234 @Cloutsnchara Happy Birthday.
Via @theFAMiLYLEADER:  “Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit” http://t.co/IzUqUbkwtT Get tix http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9
@aprilpole                \n\"@realDonaldTrump I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you\"  Thanks.
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
@TrumpDoral @RealJoeBrady It will really be amazing when complete.
@MKasun Thanks.
@MontoyaMania                \n\"a good 75% of @realDonaldTrump 's tweets get favorited\"   Great!
@euanhay You can have a round on me!
\"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success.\" - A. Schweitzer
@Deelaney31                     \n\"@realDonaldTrump Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success?\" I love what I do.
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
\"@BBKdayspa: @realDonaldTrump: I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki.\"
@RonaldFasshauer True!
\"@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump @karenh129 @kathykphillips What do you mean “IF” Donald ran!? If he doesn't run, we're sunk.\"
@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!
\"@karenh129: @realDonaldTrump @kathykphillips if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate &amp; congress? It's leadership!
\"@CantalupoA: @realDonaldTrump please tell me another apprentice is coming !!\"  It is!
\"@lazyj70: @realDonaldTrump @Maathewdavis beating China, and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!
\"@kathykphillips: @realDonaldTrump ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
@colinth21 Thanks Colin.
\"@Maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump if Mr. Trump runs for president, America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!\"
Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
\"@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump @CraftMonroe if @DannyZuker is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also, boring)!
\"@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump Danny Zuker is irrelevant.\"  So true!
\"@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump You were very right about Weiner as always.\"
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
\"@geoff911: @realDonaldTrump #theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you.\"  Great.
\"@Freeman_Gadsden: @realDonaldTrump @QQueenLLouise anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television\"  Thanks.
\"@Christineinsatx: @realDonaldTrump Morning Donald, from Texas, The Longhorn State. God Bless You.\"  Texas is GREAT!
\"@QQueenLLouise: @realDonaldTrump They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!\"  No, 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
\"@MikePicardi101: @realDonaldTrump I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!\"
@not_that_actor   A terrible situation.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
\"@Sofia_Mozek: Why @realDonaldTrump isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.\"
\"@EricaBigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that @realDonaldTrump is on the ballot.
\"@MissUniversNEWS: @realDonaldTrump I LOVE YOU\"  Thanks, and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
@Erikjhalvorsen   Yes!
\"@barrman: @realDonaldTrump You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016\" Thanks!
\"@bufordta2003: I hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president, he is what our country needs to get or economy going\"  Thanks!
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
@JMonaski1 Sad!
@John_Monteforte  Thank you.
\"@MichaelKaye_3: @foxandfriends on Monday mornings is my favorite because of @realDonaldTrump\"  They are great people!
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
Now A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised – $2.6T http://t.co/ALM2gjreCQ It is not sustainable. (h/t @gatewaypundit)
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threat http://t.co/ljj6DcWb3Z We are financing our enemy.
Be careful – sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Eliot Spitzer’s illegal, frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Via @411mania: \"Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling\" http://t.co/YgeKalKmKu
My @foxandfriends int. on the Zimmerman trial &amp; verdict, courage of the jury and reactions! http://t.co/SLNsimszFx
\"@milescstewart: @realDonaldTrump finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%\"
\"@andre_c26: Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today, it's amazing. #nicejob @realDonaldTrump\" Thanks.
\"@brooklynvd: @realDonaldTrump is my favourite person on twitter.\"Thank you-my honor!
\"@cowpokes6369: @realDonaldTrump any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news.\"   YES!
@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy True and thanks.
@vexnerd  I did a great thing for Scotland!
@BeaumontAnthony True and thanks!
@jreid1973 She was great!
@dimasmoosa Thank you.
\"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.\" - Pres. Lincoln
@JackOLoughlin  Thanks.
\"Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive.\" - Think Like a Champion
@kylejkrantz True!
@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
@L100RAN  Thanks!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
@NatalieJeeaann  Great!
@theoclass True.
@Lee_Renn1  Thanks.
\"If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them.\" - Think Big
@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA” http://t.co/XRwaUGFUa8
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
@ptr2mm  Thanks.
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
‎In anticipation of ObamaCare, part-time jobs are surging &amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce http://t.co/Jt9wZhK5aa
Besides an award winning golf course @TrumpGolfLA features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula http://t.co/xtxcqqFubq
@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you.
\"@Eamyoncanoe: @realDonaldTrump Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
\"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.\" - Think Big
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
\"Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US\"  http://t.co/Y8wsKau2GY via @thehill by @JTSTheHill
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster http://t.co/AAJxDF90Bl When will Obama demand Morsi’s resignation as he did to Mubarak
Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY, @TrumpNationalNY features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC http://t.co/XCgycLQa3H
Via @reason: \"Donald Trump: I Can Fix America\" http://t.co/xrx9LVuACe
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
Via WSOC_TV: \"Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte\" http://t.co/BN24ZrlIfl Great job @EricTrump
Fox and.Friends now!
\"@mm13815: @realDonaldTrump here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country.\"   PERFECTLY STATED!
\"@EditiEffiong: .@AbangMercy @realdonaldtrump Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions, less corruption &amp; impunity\" Ohhh
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
\"@Chase_Combs4: Getting ready to watch @realDonaldTrump on @FoxNews! #SmartGuy\"       Will be on 7 A.M.
\"@FreetownSpurs: @realDonaldTrump going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?\"  Trump Int.-1 CPW.
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
\"@carson_evans1: @realDonaldTrump You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...\"  Thank you!
\"@nate_rogerthat: @realDonaldTrump why you hate @mcuban so much?\"  I don't hate him at all.
\"@TXPride80: @realDonaldTrump What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?
\"@DurangoRick: @realDonaldTrump Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ \"to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa”??\"   Crazy!
@kenzig   Thank you.
\"@JenDeJournett: @realDonaldTrump true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders &amp; field slips. So true,  I'm impressed!
\"@dentstwitt: @EDM___HEAD @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No, only Paula Dean used it!
\"@davidrhythmguit: @realDonaldTrump @Chuffman48 Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here.\" Doubt it
\"@NickFronduto: @realDonaldTrump We have our annual @WFFSA Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
\"@marc_soler1: @realDonaldTrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets, you are the Golden Boy of Real State, all my respects.\"
\"@MetalMadSean: @realDonaldTrump Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?\"  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
\"@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you\"  Not even close, dopey.
\"@Chuffman48: @realDonaldTrump or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont\" He is boring, and much poorer than me!
\"@djgura: @realDonaldTrump ~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB, what gives?\" They know nothing about me or my numbers.
\"@EDM___HEAD: @realDonaldTrump @EdandBev lyin ass nigga\"  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the \"N\" word so freely, asshole?
\"@renee_mk: @realDonaldTrump I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money\"  I create lots of jobs
\"@sweetsare: @realDonaldTrump Hope the renovation is going well.\"  Thanks, when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
\"@EdandBev: @realDonaldTrump when do you expect the course to be finished?\"  November.
\"@cheriecorso: @realDonaldTrump I wish more people had ur tude\"  But they don't.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Excited and honored to be addressing @theFAMiLYLEADER summit in Iowa this August.  http://t.co/CgTTujEi6K
Overlooking Central Park, @TrumpNewYork brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay http://t.co/AO22TZdhJO
Via @HotelierME: Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac http://t.co/7uPBazNASv
Via @nydailynews: \"@IvankaTrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels\" http://t.co/YzdxvYAwWb
@ARMusicPlanner Happy Birthday Anthony,
Even liberals &amp; Democrats think Eric Schneiderman’s use of the Atty General’s office is unfair &amp; unethical.  http://t.co/38ZYbpj4t3
See Charles Gasparino’s article in today’s NYPost about Eric Schneiderman’s witch hunt against Republicans http://t.co/38ZYbpj4t3
@pbanura or Ireland?
@TrumpPhillyGM @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyPro  Have fun!
@BestNewProduct @TrumpCollection  Thanks, it is a beautiful city.
@EWErickson Enjoy your stay!
Frankly, for a writer, I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact, it’s terrible.
I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse
My @gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged http://t.co/9Jh3WpcaJr
Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 &amp; @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of \"10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter.\"
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp; @DJPaulyD’s performances!
The crowning moment – Conneticut’s Erin Brady winning @MissUSA 2013 http://t.co/oNW1joJtI0
Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
\"@JustinRose99: Time to enjoy an amazing day!\"   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
\"@TinkerP91: @realDonaldTrump can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- http://t.co/cigLKiMoMV
@JBradleyDesign1 @CNNMoney @jtotoole Thank you!
@nicla_b Thank you.
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
Shirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!
Somerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! http://t.co/vbhnNma66A
@kevindrako2  Thanks, just really busy!
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
China is openly sailing warships in our waters &amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico http://t.co/XJToExBsJH Ally?
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China &amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant http://t.co/OwjdB1pS5F
Via @CNNMoney by @jtotoole: “U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel” http://t.co/btYN9USGyo
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World\" http://t.co/GzzmNzPx2a
@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.
@ThomasVanhoutte Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
@D4Dufour Thank you, very nice.
@theronnivp Thank you!
@GenevieveByrne @TrumpPanama Thanks, great building!
@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike http://t.co/dGtrcHr5WO via @FoxNewsInsider
.@BreitbartNews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty http://t.co/4eIxT7O0zf
\"The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq\" http://t.co/9b4Fbu7GDy
Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week http://t.co/EVgjZXfHKD He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
70 stories above Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama the majestic sail design is Central America’s architectural icon http://t.co/jXPKC2ClgC
\"Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct.\" - Think Like a Champion
“Never Ignore Donald Trump” http://t.co/y7QMUDHWMm by Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec
Via @NRO: \"Donald Trump Eyes 2016\" by @woodruffbets http://t.co/v3G1dqq17J
@TalentedPaul  Thanks Paul.
@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
\"@ezt91: @realDonaldTrump has Aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumped\"  No.
\"@Smerwickman: @realDonaldTrump Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
\"@Iamgrizzly1974: @realDonaldTrump Furthermore, as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.Must stop
\"@Ghetto_Trophy: @realDonaldTrump how are you a billionaire?\"  You mean ten times over hater (loser).
\"@eliiizabethhhhh: @realDonaldTrump run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!
\"@infinitys_edge: @realDonaldTrump I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
\"@THE_OBM: @realDonaldTrump I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!\"
\"@GangsterDannyG1: @realDonaldTrump What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.\"  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
\"@Joe10Kendrew: @realDonaldTrump sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again, so much better than Alan Sugar!
\"@msinger456: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.
\"@natestott: @realDonaldTrump how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?  Because he's a lowlife, but he makes me money!
\"@MichaelJHill: @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump we are looking forward to the renaissance &amp; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC\" GREAT
\"@Wasted_Talent19: @realDonaldTrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago\"   Thanks
\"@GilCharles: @realDonaldTrump can I get a RT for @PetsAliveWest in NY. Saving lots of animals.\"
\"@josephkuye: @realDonaldTrump I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!
\"@sweetbaboo1968: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for all you do!!!\" Thank you!
\"@KodyCoats: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, what do you believe could truly save this country?\"  Great leadership!
\"@aliyuaminuahmed: @realDonaldTrump @Bobbysoo80 Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks, very nice!
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Travianno   Thanks!
\"@LMowle: @realDonaldTrump pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer &amp; we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.
\"@Bobbysoo80: @realDonaldTrump as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius
\"@Mattia_Crovini: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about italy?  I don't think about Italy!
\"@California_Bloo: @NewsCorpse @realDonaldTrump &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
\"@UStechie: @realDonaldTrump What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
\"@c4662: @realDonaldTrump a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.\"
\"@VineCulture: RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WineEnthusiast awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.
\"@alpugh1: @realDonaldTrump Donald sir, played your course on Friday and let me tell you this, it was spectacular. Good work!  Thanks!
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called \"scientists\" that we want global warming right now!
@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan  “All time sales record, over 2000.”  http://t.co/y5Cz946Ovb
@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.
@CassandraJ0y @LilJon  Thank you.
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement http://t.co/7l2utHI3JC  It is a disaster.
Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbart’s legacy.
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory- http://t.co/diGHsEk1Lo
@dave_twit29  Thanks Dave.
@cous13  Thanks.
@Y0landaRiggins  Thanks.
@denicarter  Very nice Denise, thank you.
@Holly_Looya @divermam Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!
@LilJon @AmDiabetesAssn  It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you.
.@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
@Itsyknowsbest Thanks!
@beverly_buck  Great, enjoy the hotel.
\"@divermam: @realDonaldTrump I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
\"@13crazyjwd: @realDonaldTrump still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless\"
\"@JohnMKelly1: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations on a great show &amp; season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.
\"@LIgal629: @realDonaldTrump @mr_al_131 was a great show best yet congrats\"
\"@PCornibe: @realDonaldTrump You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night.\" Thanks Peggy.
\"@PSThaler: @realDonaldTrump dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. Great gift to Lil John. Well done, sir.\" I undetstand, T
\"@mr_al_131: Was glued to@ApprenticeNBC all season one of my favourites @realDonaldTrump Great ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.\"  Thank you.
\"@borich1970: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.
\"@zp_3: @realDonaldTrump your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@GregVineyard1: @realDonaldTrump wonderful gesture to lil Jon, best celeb apprentice yet! Thanks for a great show Mr. Trump!\"  Thanks
\"@MsSamanatha: @realDonaldTrump Sir you just made me cry when you gave @LilJon that 100,000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks, the show was fun!
\"@LovatoMJ: Not gonna lie, teared up a little when @realDonaldTrump gave 100k to @LilJon for his charity.\"
\"@RenelianNation: @realDonaldTrump best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.
\"@lisaloren11: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you 💙\"
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
\"@bigicedaddy: @realDonaldTrump Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
\"@Thatchers_Child: @piersmorgan @TraceAdkins @pennjillette @realDonaldTrump... And much better than @Lord_Sugar's show!\"  TRUE &amp; THANKS.
\"@j_cohl: I'm kinda hoping that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
\"@debbiecraig817: @realDonaldTrump #BEST SHOW=HARD TOO TOP\"    Thanks
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.
“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch
My @foxandfriends int. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal &amp; @TraceAdkins v. @pennjillette finale http://t.co/yJhBraP2Gn
\"@BaronToutenberg: @realDonaldTrump Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYE @RedEyeFNC with @greggutfeld ????\"  Yes.
@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!
@steveprecision1  Have fun #1.
\"@pellman11: @realDonaldTrump My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love
\"@DMurkowitz: Best part of my Monday morning commute @realDonaldTrump on @foxandfriends\"  Thanks David!
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
Via @CNNMoney: \"Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding\" http://t.co/uguSSXyTO2 #FundAnything
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
\"Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit.\" - Conrad Hilton
Now @RonWyden is also “concerned” about ObamaCare along with @MaxBaucus http://t.co/WHnh8sSZtz Program may fold through its own doing.
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
Via @Hometownlife: \"Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi\" http://t.co/HLOU7wFoLN
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, she’s sharp and tough.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
\"@SinCityVinnie: @realDonaldTrump #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television.\"   THANKS!
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Photo from a recent episode of @ApprenticeNBC - saying those two famous words! http://t.co/Yo6s4Az5Fq
\"@DaltonStoltz: @realDonaldTrump 2.1 Mil. Followers vs. @DannyZuker 189 Thous. @realDonaldTrump is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
Great photo with @IvankaTrump and @Joan_Rivers from this week's @ApprenticeNBC- http://t.co/LXhgt9Q0lK
@SiegristA  Thanks!
@harry_vickers @DannyZuker @ApprenticeNBC Thanks!
@richardroeper Keep dreaming!
I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
\"One hit wonder @DannyZuker\", I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
\"Failed show @DannyZuker\" season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.\n@DannyZuker
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is \"stacked\" with failures.
“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that... http://t.co/52sz6WwhUz
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even... http://t.co/8jD8GuFluU
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... http://t.co/Hr29Kd2fCk
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Here’s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp; @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
\"@KSofen: @realDonaldTrump I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks
\"@mlnluis: @THEGaryBusey @realDonaldTrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!\"  So are you!
\"@ClevelandGuy70: @realDonaldTrump Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprentice\"  Thanks!
\"@xbreanne469: @realDonaldTrump love your show!!!\"    Thanks.
@jamezypell   Yes!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  You want their respect, not their friendship.
@borland_jim Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: http://t.co/TSgNYqisEx
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran http://t.co/HCndC36H2Z China loves it!
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
@MarkkCole  Happy Birthday Mark.
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
Sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage http://t.co/69zp6NRmQN @hardball_chris @Lawrence
@pjkorman @ClutchBa11er Great wife!
@willowfrantn @BelmontUniv Great!
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' http://t.co/7Z4JlS4Er5
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, Mr. President—hang tough!
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, @FBI's great work &amp; firing Brande Roderick http://t.co/i9FiPowvpY
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!
@TheNordicBroad Thank you.
@jaypeemoney Los Angeles or Scotland!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!  http://t.co/REIlVbo99C
\"@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump!\" Thanks, very nice!
@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!
\"@macgecko: @wsquared58 @realdonaldtrump @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look, feel, quality\"
\"@ClutchBa11er: @realDonaldTrump I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong, I wear Trump ties that are sold at Macy's.
\"@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Donald - they are top notch, I have a dozen or so #Quality\"  Thanks, people love them!
Me, by a lot!
\"@Doctor_Trey: @realDonaldTrump I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him.\" Very interesting
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
\"@macgecko: @realDonaldTrump @macy @goangelo Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many! #menswear\" Thank you!
@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
\"@Shootar401: @realDonaldTrump You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016\"  Thank you!
\"@angrycrank: @realDonaldTrump You are a terrible human being.\"  That's only because you don't know me!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of \"Buseyisms\"!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already… #CelebApprentice
How stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
RT @gatewaypundit: The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort @realDonaldTrump  #Hawaii
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
In case you missed it, my @gretawire interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings &amp; economic growth http://t.co/Fmd9eFt606
My @foxandfriends interview re: @IvankaTrump's pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate &amp; Obamacare http://t.co/1OcOwVfgmn
From 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
.@DonaldJTrumpJr  and @EricTrump with @HulkHogan  -- Great shot! http://t.co/nBGYwCNDnz”
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
\"@PashaRozay: Ivanka Trump is the best thing @realDonaldTrump ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice
\"@ronettekite: @realDonaldTrump, @IvankaTrump DOES look great! Shes stunning, intelligent; a true role model for many women. True-fhank you!
\"@JFordEureka: Love the ties! Where can I get them? @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump #celebapprentice\" Macy's!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
The home of the boardroom- @TrumpTowerNY- http://t.co/rHqPoJGRcf #CelebApprentice
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
I’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
Great shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
\"@jeffreybigmoney: @realDonaldTrump Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
.@pennjillette doesn’t like @StephenBaldwin7’s cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
“A vampire with a day pass?”  We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
It’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
A lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
\"@T_Colello: @realDonaldTrump if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us #Trump2016\"  100% correct!
I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
My @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election &amp;  #WWEHOF http://t.co/klReS5C1Ox
Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
.@foxandfriends interview re: North Korea, firing @dennisrodman, job report, @MELANIATRUMP’s debut &amp; @WrestleMania http://t.co/EaFwVQxXeG
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!
@angie_ncislover  Have a happy one!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing… #CelebApprentice
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
...\"Apprentice\" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Sacrificing our nation’s bravest for  ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil http://t.co/U94jvw9pGT
.@michellemalkin &amp; @BuzzFeedAndrew: “Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine” http://t.co/E7B0kydeXl
The only place where our \"border\" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
@higginsane Hi.
Via @thehill: \"Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform\" http://t.co/BW5LGUglDc  by @JonEasley
\"‘Better Be Careful’:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration, Creating ’12 Million’ New Dem Voters\" http://t.co/omz1wUYtCX via @Mediaite
“Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.” - \n    \nGeorge Steinbrenner
@WWE Archive:“DONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST @WWE MOMENTS” http://t.co/YAbjUQS07D When I shaved  McMahon's head in @WrestleMania XXIII
My @foxandfriends interview on risk  for @GOP on immigration, wasting money in Middle East &amp; firing @OMAROSA  http://t.co/Cp5lkJpz2A
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie…
In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
@South_Said  Good luck.
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
\"@bucksfan2012: @realDonaldTrump - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!\"
\"@denicarter: @realDonaldTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude @EricTrump Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx\"
\"@drstardis: @realDonaldTrump some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump.\" THANKS Cory!
\"@lucaswilson911: I will never be persuaded to not be a @realDonaldTrump fan :)\"
\"@lucaswilson911: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet :D $$$$
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
\"@emilyhoms: Going to keep tweeting until @realDonaldTrump realizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman\"
\"@mcs3289: Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week! @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@nysportfan4life: @realDonaldTrump Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow?\" Yes!
\"@palemamba713: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice is AMAZING. Love it\"
\"@MoorePhilly: @realDonaldTrump Love every minute of #CelebApprentice.\"
\"@kg08tj: @realDonaldTrump #CelebApprentice the best show on tv, all my #mba classmates are loving it to, #bestshow in North America\"
\"@natalicious40: Yay! Yay! Yay! @OMAROSA is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday! @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE THE MAN!!!\" Thanks!
\"@collinsva: @ApprenticeNBC officially #CelebApprentice is back to being my favorite show! Thanks @realDonaldTrump\"  Great!
\"@TheRayGallimore: @realDonaldTrump #CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
\"@madccat1: @realDonaldTrump love @CelebApprentice . Favorite show of all time...every time!\" Great!
\"@FutureCutler: @realDonaldTrump Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv!\" Glad you are happy!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
\"@TheNewMrsTim: My dad &amp; I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen! @realDonaldTrump\"  Thanks!
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
Whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice
\"@FlamboyantFag: @realDonaldTrump a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspiration\"  Wow, how nice!
\"@justivanjames: The only person I enjoy following is @realDonaldTrump\"  Thanks!
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice
.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search, it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
\"@jmc_Johnson: @realDonaldTrump Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointment\"  As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D, the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ...
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. http://t.co/s2j9iRNfMA
China’s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets &amp; R&amp;D http://t.co/T82A4yCPAP They are laughing at us!
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar http://t.co/sEbQQycPmf  Very sad!
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard.\" Think Big
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
@KiltedKrew Thank you.
@ChristalGraceG Thanks, I appreciate it.
@crainey777  Thanks Chuck.
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases  http://t.co/T8K3UB2RJn  Surprised? @Newsmax_Media
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?
@jacob_mastro You may be right!
@DickDarkey @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  Watch next week!
@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
@AgostinelliNick @DonaldJTrumpJr Very nice, thanks.
@hollywood74 Thank you Nadine!
@AimeeTruchan @ABFalecbaldwin @StephenBaldwin7 She is a fabulous woman!
@disneycuty @StephenBaldwin7 Thanks Jennifer.
“Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May” http://t.co/qXMQ5KZmCI via @wxyzdetroit
UK is freezing through longest &amp; coldest winter in over 50 years http://t.co/WJitoHw6LM Where’s the global warming? @gatewaypundit
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Uh oh… @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened \" http://t.co/BHWKpJeWqo
Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
.@LaToyaJackson &amp; @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
\"@kmac5911: who would win on the golf course @realDonaldTrump or @mcuban\" Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
@Cleggermeister  Thank you!
@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!
@babyguts666   Thanks!
\"@STAR13R: @realDonaldTrump What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time!\" Great!
\"@Ashbash032: @realDonaldTrump don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate, you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushaters\"  Great!
\"@OWhiting147: @realDonaldTrump we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary?\" Never heard of him!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
\"@ThisNBAgirl: @realDonaldTrump You are not as smart as Mark Cuban, no matter what you think. Keep to what you know. Lets do an I.Q. test!
\"@n_vranas: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder ur a pussy trump @mcuban is way richer than you\"  Not even close, dummy!
\"@benjamin_abey: @realDonaldTrump @mcuban @dallasmavs So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
\"@MagicJeff: @realDonaldTrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder how many rings do you have? #donthateontheCubes\"  Nine billion!
\"@salesdan48: @realDonaldTrump Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words.\" I agree with you-and a loser!
\"@LynchZC: @realDonaldTrump I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the Deal
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
Great article by @jameshohmann @politico explaining why @KarlRove was biggest loser @CPACnews http://t.co/QHnym5AjPG James is sharp.
.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp; @okcthunder swept the season series.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
Via @realitytvworld: \"La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump\" http://t.co/gGM0aOLIZu
New @RNC report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform.” http://t.co/0kOuA0ttCJ Does the @RNC have a death wish?
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
.@TPNNtweets \"Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH\" http://t.co/6s8AzXMjrp @johnhawkinsrwn
.@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
Via @WTCommunities: \"Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'\"  http://t.co/4UsYbfzNYu by @HuizingaDanny
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
Via @PoliticalTicker: “TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC” http://t.co/xY0H0Lw4mX by @KilloughCNN
“TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS’ BIRTHER RANT: ‘HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN’\" http://t.co/bBlm1jymlr  @MadeleineBlaze
Via @DailyCaller: \"Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his ‘local friends’\" http://t.co/4y6IfSi4bn by @NicholasBallasy
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
\"Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'\" http://t.co/jOr15wfw1X via @WSJ's @WSJVideo
. @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, @RealBenCarson &amp; firing @latoyajackson http://t.co/EbcgZeM7Kf
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.
Via @NRO:“Trump @KarlRove, ‘Most Overrated Man in Politics,’Responsible for Ashley Judd’s Rise” http://t.co/1kgJSU3kjH @elianayjohnson
Via @CBNNews:\"Exclusive: Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC\" http://t.co/laDvR3t7DJ by @TheBrodyFile, Great seeing you David!
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
True, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, she’s becoming predictable.
.@Omarosa is not winning points, being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
There’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp; @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40,000 to Michael’s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
Great line from @TheGaryBusey:  “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance… #CelebApprentice
\"@gaphotoman: @realDonaldTrump . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever\"   Thanks!
@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the \"New\" Blue Monster @DoralResort
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
. @deesnider is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
@BrandenRoderick Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #Trump
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
My @foxandfriends int. re: Tiger’s victory at Trump @DoralResort 's @CadillacChamp, my WH tour offer and CPAC http://t.co/0O5h4FUFVU
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.\n\n--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Which team is your favorite?
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
@M_Sallis Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
@MaryFallacaro Thanks Mary.
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
1.   Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter…...
“If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big
@misskhan  Thank you.
China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war http://t.co/e9ZE2OrLqn Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
Via @STVAberdeen: \"Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel\" http://t.co/JSpPvHtnmn
Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
My @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC &amp; politics http://t.co/yoeoJCJ4Rn
@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!
\"@IDKbrody: \"@realDonaldTrump: So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice\" TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
I can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... http://t.co/7LtrUa2JMh
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc- http://t.co/M17OakYuSx
RT @NRCC: Good to hear @realDonaldTrump is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate: http://t.co/RhGNVk4O9r
China is buying gas fields in Texas http://t.co/G6tW5gSKti &amp; stealing our corporate secrets...
... &amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms http://t.co/Rl6qWCtQZi
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms http://t.co/Rl6qWCtQZi  What a joke!
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration &amp; promised no tax increase http://t.co/JIqUIuQE09
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
Via @Mediaite: \"Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained\" http://t.co/waUqC4zO8R
\"DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS\" http://t.co/hd3C9kEOUy via @theblaze
My @foxandfriends re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us &amp; taking over in 2016 http://t.co/afsPIhiTrj
My @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt &amp; 2016 election http://t.co/qErq7ascac
Via @Mediaite: \"Trump to @gretawire: Sequester Cuts Don’t Go Far Enough’\" http://t.co/Ua77Mg90d5
@JMarkTiller  Thanks.
@RPMNANA Thanks, good question/good point.
@bethosborne14 Thanks.
@JUrciuoli19  I will.
@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
@RoxanneQuintana  Thanks Roxanne.
@dynomike3 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
@jaderomaine  Thanks and good luck!
@JUrciuoli19 Very good!
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
@FL_RichieRich. Great.
@Arjuwan. Great and thanks.
@5thmcfly. In April - thanks.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
I've had enough of this - good night!
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Very tacky set!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Here we go with the Oscars!
@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex.
@MKasun. Thanks.
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
RT @IngrahamAngle: Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
\"Trump: I Love the Tea Party, They Love Me\" http://t.co/8ZyxOaEs via @Newsmax_Media (cross posted on @foxnation http://t.co/ADIeeJw0)
\"Thanks to Donald Trump\" http://t.co/gnwAPXRi via @AmSpec. My pleasure Jeffrey!
“Donald Trump: ‘Karl Rove Is A Total Loser,’ So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?”  http://t.co/q2RldzhB via @Mediaite
“Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans” http://t.co/g3hkBchy via @SunSentinel
Great column by @howardfineman on @HuffPostPol: \"Karl Rove Is Done\" http://t.co/qvhdmPo8
Why does @KarlRove lie about his Reagan credentials? http://t.co/LaxNktFQ He’s a Bushie through and through.
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Via @politicalwire: Tweet of the Day http://t.co/IdOhU932
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
“Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- @UncleRUSH
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
Now the Chinese are hacking @nytimes http://t.co/KWItGEhV &amp; Twitter http://t.co/Ycezq0L9 When will we hold these thieves accountable?
China is buying our shale and gas fields http://t.co/T4bu11CK &amp; Obama still won’t approve Keystone http://t.co/Rr94yvAV Pathetic!
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field http://t.co/T4bu11CK  What are we doing!
@z7one  March 3rd, 9 pm EST on @NBC
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
@robblapp True and thanks!
@jchorvath11 Thank you.
@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.
@BobHapka @sdoocy  Thanks!
If Karl Rove &amp; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on @Newsmax_Media http://t.co/w1jZHVnL Congratulations to Steve on his new show!
@PRW_StaysFresh That's good news!
@Asklepios333 True and not good!
@mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@DavidBarringer2  That's right.
@GP237 Thanks--my honor!
@VuyolwethuManka Thank you very much.
@exider2010  And that's okay.
@EdwardAshton30 True and true!
@GradyMc Sadly, that's right.
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
“Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary” http://t.co/jVyGduGK via @MailOnline
I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
.@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
@misskhan  Thank you.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. http://t.co/TO29ptB3
I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
\"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice.\" - Winston Churchill
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Hypocrites! @JamesOKeefeIII’s new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’ http://t.co/EdZOR9kV
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
“Golfer bids $130,000 for round with Donald Trump” in Scotland for charity http://t.co/9dCwjRcy via Evening Express
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration, @GOP debt plan &amp; @CelebApprentice #1 branding http://t.co/DVyAO3Hg
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton
@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.
@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.
Where’s the press?  1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama http://t.co/0DbXHopv
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry” collection!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
\"There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation.\" - Time To Get Tough
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?
Sadly, I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it.
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling http://t.co/wTQ96Itg  I guess things change when President?!
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
I can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal
\"Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US http://t.co/qae9jpzZ China is robbing us blind!
@MegAlove04  Thanks!
@FrankMDavisJR  You are right.
Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
@yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck.
@HShoyeb @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Thanks
“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamath
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
\"Trump Invitational\" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
.@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
“Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago” http://t.co/vpQMNqlK via @WPTV
My @foxandfriends interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making &amp; where we go next http://t.co/1JFNWynq
@prncsmo_ @LibertyU  Hi Morgan and good luck.
@jkaburu Work hard!
@V3CEO  Thank you!
My @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card http://t.co/SfHiP1kr
My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards http://t.co/nftxdMC6
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
@Joey_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop\"
\"I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.\"-The Art of The Deal
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp; lost all.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
The lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week http://t.co/YvjkqKe2  Busy doing the peoples’ work!
“You can’t con people, at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends http://t.co/joS4tjDA  Dangerous for us but great news for China.
The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year http://t.co/tt9BZwxR  U.S. is busy making China even richer.
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B http://t.co/0xBsByf6  China is making great deals on our backs.
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida—just bought it, will be great!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record http://t.co/fjiOnw2g  Inflation is coming...
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
I am very proud of @IvankaTrump for her work with @Cookies4kids.  @Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children http://t.co/e5IK0gVG
It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
“Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay” http://t.co/ilqlCyQC via @Forbes
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are \"every bit as tough as the guys.\" Just think about that statement!
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
\"A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment.\" -- Harry S. Truman
\"Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress http://t.co/0u2yJbfs  They deserve to be there!
\"Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well.\" – Think Like A Billionaire
\"In war there is no substitute for victory.\" -- Douglas MacArthur
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil http://t.co/YfYmnhU9  A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
\"Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others.\" -- The Way To The Top
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
“We are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.” -- @BarackObama\n--Very good, I like it.
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.  http://t.co/ZKJexYr9  Smart.  Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
The World Bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ http://t.co/wZ9ofqxJ  And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective.
\"Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job.\"  -- Think Like A Billionaire
Rapper Mac Miller's song, \"Donald Trump\" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. \"@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions.\"
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing &amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family  http://t.co/w4yRPTH0
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather \"gross\" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
.@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
It makes me feel so good to hit \"sleazebags\" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
@realDonaldTrump @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. http://t.co/Z4e2hECP
“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
Scary – in the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdens http://t.co/FbyJMJtV Terrible for the economy.
No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high http://t.co/P3qdhiNo
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he \"adores you.\"
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.
@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
.@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides, you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
Obama just stated \"It's always good to ignore Donald Trump.\" I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway.
\"I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself.\" -- @MittRomney, 11.2.12
Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate.  He said “voting is the best revenge” http://t.co/HFQiGRDb  He is divisive.
@ojmart  Thank you!
@acman84  True!
Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
In ’08, America voted for Hope &amp; Change.  Instead, we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production http://t.co/VMJy9XjJ  We can't afford 4 more years.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsday’s endorsement of @MittRomney, tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims http://t.co/J2J4mJhX
Nice mention by Brian Kelly \nhttp://t.co/XFLDdwZZ Conservative Action Alerts
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Great article in the @NewYorkPost by Ben Garrett--\"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming\" http://t.co/o2VHHPOa
It’s extremely cold in NY &amp; NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- http://t.co/Thv9Mu8E
Thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @HollywoodReporter  http://t.co/3Kii0xLN
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
@Lorrainejuliet @EDLTrobinson @FloridaJayhawk @hannityshow  Must be careful &amp; smart!
@ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president.
@TrickettTweeter  No, his facts are very bad for him.
@eheinlen Yes.
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below, move out!
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze. http://t.co/fHVEFZd9
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) http://t.co/BbBpnYfY
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was \"probably\" born in the US--the word \"probably\" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy http://t.co/6rzfGjMM  Pretty generous!
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
\"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility.\" Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Via @politico: \"Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell\" http://t.co/7UZEL9a0
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
\"They succeed, because they think they can.\" -- Virgil
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
\"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.\" -- @MittRomney
\"Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by.\"\nDonald J. Trump
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate http://t.co/3F5Sqe6A  Mitt should bring up college applications &amp; records
\"Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation\" http://t.co/K6xUXSwa via @ABC
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. 
\"Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs\" http://t.co/JjVkVmNE via @politico
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses \nhttp://t.co/A8UyBknk Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps http://t.co/0acwArSn  Four more years?
I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. http://t.co/sal9WpKV
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers http://t.co/6Y1UToMt
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.
Scary &amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor http://t.co/fZGWVH5E
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
\"Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.\" --The Art of the Deal
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states \"born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia.\"
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? http://t.co/t9vhQRDk
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
\"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.\" -- Thomas Edison
\"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" -- The Art of the Deal
\"Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'\"\n http://t.co/T0qG07JY via Moneynews @Newsmax_Media
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...\nhttp://t.co/BE3Bf2pV
Today I spoke @LibertyU Convocation, a great crowd...\nhttp://t.co/H6Zd9twG
RT @MittRomney: I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
\"Amazing Race\" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before http://t.co/u78hfrJt Too busy campaigning?
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing.
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
\"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'\" http://t.co/AVhNdaId  Via @thehill
Via @digitaljournal: \"Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'\" http://t.co/KuTnUOqB
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
\"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.\"\n--Johnny Cash
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read \"The Art of the Comeback.\"
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,\n (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
\"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people\"\n--Clint Eastwood
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's \"in your face\" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) http://t.co/FufZD79U
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-http://t.co/lpq2SveJ
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called \"birther\" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
\"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.\" --Irving Berlin
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
Americans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as  President over @JoeBiden  http://t.co/Ankpt5Uj   No surprise.
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) http://t.co/NZuyiZkl
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
In ’08, @PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy http://t.co/I3ctX8ur @BarackObama has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.
“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products http://t.co/43EBom3h  People get it!
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
\"Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.\" -- Robert T. Kiyosaki\n@theRealKiyosaki
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
China's Olympic training program is abusive http://t.co/aZ2ihCnv It is modern day slavery &amp; shameful. Their (cont) http://t.co/yMfSHjqr
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
\"There is no substitute for hard work.\"\n\n--Thomas Edison
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Read this--@BarackObama's birth certificate \"cannot survive judicial scrutiny\" because of \"phantom numbers\" http://t.co/DIv9sLI2
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses @BarackObama http://t.co/FiQnPjFs Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of \"Why Obama won't release his college transcripts\"- Come on, Jay!
Hypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas http://t.co/tleFMljT
Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as \"in decline\" http://t.co/ppUu3yvO
Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) http://t.co/HMtyFeFB
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama should release his college applications &amp; records http://t.co/0UsM6yZT
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to \"pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview.\" Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
My friend @TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) http://t.co/S4zZJ4A8
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) http://t.co/VXNSqp4g
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- http://t.co/VNZRRteT
Why is @BarackObama continuing to lie? http://t.co/arwFQ3xA has found that @MittRomney did not ship jobs overseas http://t.co/1fvw7Atm
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Don't believe @BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC http://t.co/rSCMqggG
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. http://t.co/L4FVnlof
WRONG: A China court ordered @apple to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before @apple http://t.co/4sYZMQHh
My @foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser &amp; my plans for Jones Beach http://t.co/uFZHeEhM
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
\"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.\" -- Norman Vincent Peale
Outrageous- @BarackObama has spent over $2.7B on implementing @ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  http://t.co/RPwiLB86
I am glad America is starting to get to know @MittRomney the way I know him. A wonderful &amp; decent family man (cont) http://t.co/nukaZ0fR
Another broken promise by @BarackObama: @ObamaCare actually increases income inequality http://t.co/hULkXMqC It must be fully repealed!
What a statesman! @BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) http://t.co/1lCvEarb
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
My @foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources &amp; US tax system  http://t.co/VHGk9X1I
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
An insightful article on @BarackObama http://t.co/Db8uYVfO
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
\"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.\" -Jack Welch
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants http://t.co/zKgdVbCd  Does it get any dumber?
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design http://t.co/Oqi65Leb We should offset their theft from our debt.
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector \"is doing fine\" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
\"Donald Trump\" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Now that China's own economy is slowing http://t.co/w0QJcGBg watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) http://t.co/fhAL7I49
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
The real war on women. Under @BarackObama 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office http://t.co/GOkfL9sQ
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. http://t.co/PAOcLPbh
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset @DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower http://t.co/Z4m84gW2  #Israel
My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers &amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus http://t.co/sF4a0ZFQ
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
\"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.\" --Paul Tournier
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- http://t.co/5HzwnSvM
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy \"reporter\" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) http://t.co/tvUKqx9O
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines  http://t.co/zOZKQvPY  Very aggressive
Did @BarackObama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?  http://t.co/wLn2pV1q \nI am sure the media will be all over this.
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: \"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\"
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) http://t.co/xaPBfxlm
Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. http://t.co/8DUw3buf
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. http://t.co/WwyMRksQ
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! @BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. http://t.co/clTDHlZ8
I had a great time doing press interviews with @LisaLampanelli and @Teresa_Giudice earlier today- http://t.co/SMt5i3Jp
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. http://t.co/Uw7Pe5OQ
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!  http://t.co/AK7DjjmS
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo, @MittRomney, the job numbers and @CelebApprentice http://t.co/rYX1QAaB
\"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
\"Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont) http://t.co/JXUofag8
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @3nVMusic I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) http://t.co/KjrV13fV
#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company… #sweepstweet
I have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) http://t.co/L7NuAMWi
#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool.
#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”?  No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
I’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet
It’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success @Macys Herald Square http://t.co/BP0IPDxq
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? http://t.co/X2Zd05DP @BarackObama is (cont) http://t.co/ER9gG6qJ
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt http://t.co/8R0Q3Dv7 Only in America!
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design http://t.co/eLizmW37 We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a \"rat\" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
My @gretawire interview where I discuss fixing the economy, killing Bin Laden, the John Edwards trial and fair trade.http://bit.ly/JpSxkA
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference http://t.co/XnqlTfHY  @BarackObama's diplomatic initiative?!?!
@JonHuntsman just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday http://t.co/DA3dhBYd  I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin.
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week http://t.co/06fs6g5y A major defeat for @BarackObama
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) http://t.co/11JvyUIS
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health http://t.co/2G8YrOUZ (cont) http://t.co/NujHgnXU
\"More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
Via @BBCNews, \"Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland\" http://t.co/QsylYhtU
Via @Reuters_Biz, \"Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project\" http://t.co/5QsSibS9
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course http://t.co/zttOgaAU
Recently opened @TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. http://t.co/VO8U2GPI
@MittRomney can get people back to work.
Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice http://t.co/Bco0a2AD
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- http://t.co/8IlJsBZ4
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) http://t.co/0L7pHwxb
I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) http://t.co/ZtaDb6dh
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) http://t.co/LhK8EfIA
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) http://t.co/IFm2Un3A
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) http://t.co/fM1wKW1r
#CelebrityApprentice contestant @LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today- http://t.co/9tbDgl9l
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) http://t.co/IeYBAFKX
Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
\"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
\"When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) http://t.co/RMI02tjB
\"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) http://t.co/Lv0KOO6D
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel http://t.co/M8QP89gw We need to use our own energy resources.
\"The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud.\" #TimeToGetTough
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) http://t.co/eyVzGd2h
America's competitors love @BarackObama. @MedvedevRussiaE says @BarackObama has been \"the best 3 years\" for Russia http://t.co/LM6y8wNI
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) http://t.co/5cBGzYeM
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows @BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed http://t.co/DYrqEpZ2  @BarackObama lies.
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) http://t.co/yGXOsOQq
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
When confronted, @RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @MittRomney http://t.co/PJ5tssfL
He @BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to @MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security http://t.co/I6mCEnUn
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @TimTebow and the timing of @RepPaulRyan's plan http://t.co/MsTNlWr6
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. @MittRomney can get us out of it. (cont) http://t.co/15573kkU
My @foxandfriends interview where I discuss @Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV  http://t.co/V7aYNedp
My @Gretawire interview where I discuss why @BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. http://t.co/DYM5WaYa
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) http://t.co/nDQoTVHP
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? @RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views http://t.co/Q0Cvjve3
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
China talks about the so-called \"carbon footprint\" and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont) http://t.co/hJD3n70H
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) http://t.co/RBaUvw0k
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Pathetic: @BarackObama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.http://bit.ly/zXtRp3
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
\"Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.\" #TimeToGetTough http://t.co/8H9D933Q http://t.co/Yy6GNcx3
A MUST READ! @AndrewBreitbart's last article--The Vetting, Part I: @BarackObama's Love Song to Alinsky http://t.co/6H7Ckg3W
I fully support the @NYPD, @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
Once again, @BarackObama's speech at @AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @Israel (cont) http://t.co/WCMV1Xr4
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates http://t.co/Hjzp9noi  @BarackObama is bankrupting this country!
Dopey @GeorgeWill, the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) http://t.co/c0EnzLzE
\"If @Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) http://t.co/paWCdwC5
\"The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) http://t.co/YJqCx21R
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. http://t.co/ifHRqsfi Neither can we but that doesn't stop @BarackObama.
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
@SachaBaronCohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) http://t.co/XAYYf7I3
I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
\"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings and investment. It's time to (cont) http://t.co/UPek65gM
\"Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont) http://t.co/mZM4FL64
\"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.\" (cont) http://t.co/ubaVEGYn
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
This has to stop! @BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. http://t.co/nsPDXFTs
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston, @SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speech,the economy and primary http://t.co/MXRi5D36
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
As China is building an air and naval force, @BarackObama is cutting ours. http://t.co/fdsq6oc5   He is weakening our national security.
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The economy is in terrible shape. @BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. http://t.co/nWoyi3ui
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. @BarackObama has done an (cont) http://t.co/HHsTz9FZ
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence You're too stupid to (cont) http://t.co/pd2zbixD
\"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump.\" (cont) http://t.co/AyZ18mvL
My @CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial http://t.co/SYbI4Jrj  which aired during the third quarter.
Congrats @MittRomney on a huge NV victory. Let’s make @BarackObama a one term president http://t.co/2Xm9TRtk #OneTermFund
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. http://t.co/QczymGts  Why did @BarackObama force Mubarak out? He was an ally.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.
\"The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) http://t.co/2ezHBDnn
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) http://t.co/Nhxn3cVh
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.
\"To the @BarackObama administration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) http://t.co/eorZoVnw
\"I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) http://t.co/193US9wf
\"While Obama is obsessed with \"green collar jobs,\" blue collar workers aren't buying it.\" (cont) http://t.co/8QvnXH54
My @Newsmax_Media interview from Friday where I predicted that @newtgingrich in South Carolina would change the race.http://bit.ly/xoFMs6
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat @BarackObama, not themselves..... http://t.co/8cZb7pXX
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that @BarackObama has waived over 1,200 companies from the law  http://t.co/bDO8zbsn
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner  http://t.co/q7YTPAqC\nbut not to vote?
Priorities: @BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) http://t.co/sEgPkhmY
??? @BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) http://t.co/waQFHBze
\"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster.\"  #TimeToGetTough
\"Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont) http://t.co/BFMOkkBI
My @foxandfriends interview from this morning   http://t.co/pFs9f6hk
\"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs.\" #TimeToGetTough
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!  http://t.co/YDEIKzG6
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
My interview with Andy Dean on @americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the @FoxNews debate. http://t.co/2B7fY0WI
@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/ZafIoWf2
My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/TotTpvNZ
RT @Newsmax_Media: Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America  http://t.co/CnHhZArl  via @Newsmax_media
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about \"onshoring\"? We need to bring manufa… (cont) http://t.co/zvbB8EQA
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you  lost 49 states. Sad!
I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Frida… (cont) http://t.co/DlVHBV7B
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'… (cont) http://t.co/IJwTmtkm
The failure of the \"Super Committee\" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to \"comfort care\" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! http://t.co/DJ7OqXwx
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If @BarackObama wanted the \"Super Committee\" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 http://t.co/c5sI2qTe   #TimeToGetTough
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. http://t.co/4h5LjPLE
@BarackObama delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013. Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. http://t.co/E5XMnUHQ
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. Is this @BarackObama’s ‘recovery’? http://t.co/laeI0SFA
@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America \"lazy\" this past weekend while in Hawaii.
@BarackObama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) http://t.co/WEJd30pR
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog...  http://t.co/FKLa4YPo
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a \"Green\" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/T44XcgeY
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
@Johnboehner: Stop \"The China Curse\" --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... http://t.co/vrSOIP1i #trumpvlog
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
My book, Midas Touch, with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad, Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea… (cont) http://t.co/TXL4xBfc
@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.
@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.
@AmandaKnox is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b… (cont) http://t.co/xCf3TMcV
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It  seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box   http://t.co/VNbgG0iU\rMy in… (cont) http://t.co/YNX1msYh
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... http://t.co/VNloY1WK
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
My thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... http://t.co/gGdV1Iv
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... http://t.co/citxpt7
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan \"Rebels\" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? http://t.co/pitnjx3
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
While @BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts, he is also granting companies waivers. Eve… (cont) http://t.co/dEH05PD
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
A good example of how our country wastes money... http://t.co/iWRhaUy #trumpvlog
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.… (cont) http://t.co/jbQ6jXf
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/mBcbhwM
@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launch\nhis radio show @AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM ET\nhttp://t.co/xpz0oQa
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on @BarackObama.... http://t.co/9gFfiFM #trumpvlog
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Ronald Kessler's new book \"The Secrets of the FBI\" is a great book that should be read by everyone.
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
@BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let @barackobama push you around.... http://t.co/PHlzxON
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... http://t.co/6xKmJi8
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/LRmvyyW
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      http://t.co/UaMWc6K
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella, Miss California---our new MIss USA!  http://t.co/2yUgSnJ
Check out my speech from last Friday http://cs.pn/jf4OE1 as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends http://bit.ly/kJWdvX.
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
My appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... http://bit.ly/lodlDT
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
NY Jets center, Nick Mangold, interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf  tonight 9PM ET on Golf Channel\nhttp://bit.ly/fuRNsB
Watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... http://bit.ly/mpY4NR
New The Next Generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr- http://bit.ly/hJUJMg @ivankatrump- http://bit.ly/hXE6MF @erictrump- http://bit.ly/hJ0jNX
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. http://bit.ly/gcQjPR
My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... http://bit.ly/dXGQKC
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... http://bit.ly/frcfZY
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork http://trumpnetwork.com/
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... http://bit.ly/hBTQXG
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here http://bit.ly/fMNVbx
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice http://bit.ly/hiolBJ as well as my latest video blog at http://bit.ly/gKJL8x
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice http://bit.ly/eWM4T2 also an observation I made recently http://bit.ly/hQJERE
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump   http://bit.ly/hRIACH
Check out today's video blog http://bit.ly/g75Jiu \nI want to answer more of your questions, tweet me.....
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST http://www.nbc.com/the-apprentice/
Coming up in March: The \"Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump.\" March 15, mark your calendars.  http://bit.ly/hYnA0E
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..http://bit.ly/f7wNY8
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET http://bit.ly/gcQjPR
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her \"Melania Timepieces & Jewelry\" collection...
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. http://tlworldsbest.roiresearch.com/.
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's \"World's Best Awards 2011\" .....
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. http://bit.ly/96ztOA  Good info to know about.
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
Mark your calenders for August 23rd:  http://www.missuniverse.com/
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Westchester/Westchester.asp
and here's another....http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Colts_Neck/Colts_Neck.asp
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Hudson_Valley/Hudson_Valley.asp
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
\"Trading Shots with Donald Trump\"--a great article in the Wall Street Journal\nhttp://bit.ly/c9eZbq
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.:  http://twitter.com/kingsthings
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
The premiere of \"Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf\" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.\nET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: http://tinyurl.com/yk5m3lc
--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland.
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: http://tinyurl.com/ycsqmda
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl
\"Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
Last week to enter the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/
\"We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
