It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! NOUTroe8MV
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, ; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present ; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong ; rich!
RT @SecPompeo: Landed in #Finland for #helsinki2018 where @POTUS ; Prez Putin are set to discuss US/Russian relations. POTUS meeting is in…
RT @Scavino45: President  and @FLOTUS Melania are wheels down in Helsinki, Finland...photo via motorcade en route to hotel.…
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
RT : The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Admini…
RT @Scavino45: “Criminal Illegal Alien Deported 11 Times Attacked Woman with Chainsaw, @ICEgov Says”\nwU7rk1OOzj
RT @Scavino45: “MS-13 Gang Member Arrested Again After 4 Deportations” wuNqERJmPN
RT @Scavino45: “About 1-in-5 illegal alien adults crossing the United States-Mexico border with toddlers under the age of five are either c…
RT @Scavino45: “Mike Pence op-ed: Trump White House phenomenally successful”\nL2WaPpxxgg
RT : These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he t…
RT @Scavino45: “Asylum-Seeking Central American Discovered to Be MS-13 Gang Member” 76ZizQSNKI
RT @Scavino45: “Texas grand jury indicts MS-13 gang members after machete attacks” GGTCEDOcVh
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. AIgJMyT7qS
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over ; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time! bRgrMbdDPp
RT : ....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars f…
RT : “Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instanc…
🇺🇸🇬🇧 CwnBfe3smd
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...\nXQLkayYKlM
RT @MagaGoldHat: @RonDeSantisFL event July 18 th in Orlando with @DonaldJTrumpJr C5B5UwQZXa
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military ; Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! 6NI6AqL0xt
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May.” ex9jizOyAV
RT @dougmillsnyt: . ; @FLOTUS walk off Air Force One as they arrive at London Stansted Airport in Stansted, England. https:…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .'s shadow is reflected on the wall as he makes a statement and answers questions as he departs the NATO…
Thank you #NATO2018! nk85QBv1u7
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:\niEOeGV6YBI
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena ; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
RT : What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 c…
RT @Scavino45: President  and President @EmmanuelMacron of France meeting earlier today at #NATOSummit2018 in Brussels, Bel…
RT @Scavino45: President  meets with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, along with their respective delegations at #NATOS…
RT : ...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our fa…
RT : I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have don…
RT : Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is g…
RT @Scavino45: President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump participate in the Tri-Mission Embassy Meet and Greet Wednesday, July…
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
RT : Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... l0EP3lzhCM
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... l0EP3lzhCM
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS O5cAaVAtQt
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
RT : They just didn't get it, but they do now! 9T50NupkDy
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
RT @ShennaFoxxx:  #TrumpUKVisit🇬🇧 To the \n45th @POTUS Donald J Trump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP The British people are looking f…
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (; Barriers)!
RT @KatrinaPierson: The stupidity of the left was on full display in Oakland. The #AbolishICE protest was actually the execution of a warra…
RT : Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:\n\n2015: 22\n2016: 36\n2017: 14\n2018: 0\n\nSource: @USNavy
RT @Scavino45: “The Rule of Law is our Nation’s proud heritage. It is the cornerstone of our Freedom. It is what guarantees equal justice -…
RT @Scavino45: Judge Brett Kavanaugh watches with his family as President Donald J. Trump signs the document Monday evening, July 9, 2018,…
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS 97clc9zifm
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Announces the Nominee for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court rVMTOMpurr
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy’s technology! #CenturyOfService hD42XseaTG
Pfizer ; others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor ; others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe ; elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed ;, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
They just didn't get it, but they do now! 9T50NupkDy
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:\n\n2015: 22\n2016: 36\n2017: 14\n2018: 0\n\nSource: @USNavy
RT @CortesSteve: Today's report: Hispanic jobs hit another record, unemployment at an all-time low. Of 9 months in history under 5% jobless…
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) ; now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta ; so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation ; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation ; that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
RT @Scavino45: “Six months in, TAX CUTS are already providing historic gains for minorities, women, and small businesses” a54B…
RT @Scavino45: “ICE says it seized $43M worth of counterfeit items in Laredo, Texas”\nd6X8uKkHWd
RT @DanScavino: “When they lose, Democrats just want to change the rules” L9sYIwYLd2
RT @Scavino45: “Hispanic-Latino Unemployment Rate Hits Lowest Level on Record in June” 27VkUgSVso
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Tz2PQ2xetT
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA 475ct7hW3D
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........
Happy Birthday, America! SIi6xXsfof
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up ; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
ue5JEZy85v
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men ; women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - ; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! FQ1D7oEta2
...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! V35qvCN8m6
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful visit to @WRBethesda today.  Thank you to the many dedicated service members ; medical staff who take such go…
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
Just arrived in West Virginia! yjI0Xl5rMh
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful visit to @WRBethesda today.  Thank you to the many dedicated service members ; medical staff who take such go…
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law ; Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse! Zn6ZLM0tzy
RT @DHSgov: Today, DHS, @CBP, and @ICEgov will be sharing stories of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day with…
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
RT @larryelder: BEWARE! #TrumpDerangementSyndrome can be career ending. qm86ya6PlJ
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil ; disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 ; clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
RT @DanScavino: “@GovMikeHuckabee: Trump could nominate Moses for Supreme Court and Democrats would fight it” 5wx3nVJxvF
RT : Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account c…
RT : Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazet…
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you @SecPompeo. \nIt was an honor to join you and your talented, passionate colleagues at @StateDept to honor the her…
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Senator Alexander for your leadership on career + technical education. 11+ million students and workers across o…
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
RT @FoxBusiness: .@IvankaTrump: \"I think one of the tremendous opportunities that were seeing because the economy is so strong is that peop…
RT @Scavino45: “@ICEgov New York operation leads to arrests of 3 dozen Darknet vendors selling illicit goods, weapons, drugs seized and mor…
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions.\n#TaxCutsandJobsAct MevjwIINGU
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief... LALXGhk04b
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! \nfuRF2Z6CZl
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States! tOFFodZYvK
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI ; DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA 6Am9n6px8I
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! pakUigKB61
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 yd37K4Ei8R
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen uP95m0sIRP
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS 8aWJ6fWemA
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... OQp3NcOeE4
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS ; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! 3oGoqWhhtA
A great First Lady! Pt35aluI4C
RT @The_Trump_Train:   9ubTCAyZkq
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...mzJ8pPPgZE
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump presents the Medal of Honor. 1MEHIzxkFg
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced ; unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! 5xlz0wfMfu
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI ; DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
RT @WhiteHouse: Today,  and @FLOTUS welcomed @KingAbdullahII and @QueenRania of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the Whit…
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” AcgnIZNh6e
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
RT @EricTrump: Record High Economic Optimism: 51% of people think the the economy is good or excellent - this is the highest number @CNBC h…
RT @TrumpGolf: Congratulations to our dear friend and @TrumpCharlotte member, @ScottMcCarron, on his incredible win at the @AmFamChamp this…
RT @marcorubio: Trump haters still haven’t realized how much they help him with their condescension of those who either voted for him or do…
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ ; FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), ; that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called ; said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers ; Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!\nbcpSGtoX6a
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! ZjdlHwJlxm
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA OGTR2j6PGG
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man! hlXYYkTjcv
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
RT @HuckabeeOnTBN: TONIGHT: the President of the United States, , sits down to discuss his thoughts about international rel…
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families. rWYt2VBjxc
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
RT : Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of…
RT @PressSec: It’s shameful that dems and the media exploited this photo of a little girl to push their agenda. She was not separated from…
RT @JesseBWatters: Will be 🔥@TPUSA r06LyQ9Obd
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now:\nPresident Trump delivers remarks on immigration with Angel Families: WHGk1H7T7u rV…
RT : We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citize…
RT : Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is…
RT @Scavino45: REQUESTED by family members after their private meeting and visit to the Oval Office - which took place before public remark…
RT @SecPompeo: .@POTUS’ agenda is the most pro-business agenda from a President in history. It been a game-changer for the American economi…
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. 0Pzwjg3Vxn
RT : We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any we…
RT : Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anyw…
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. ; its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. 7YfZ9kjB23
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...ZjXESYAcjY
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
RT @EricTrump: Good job @FLOTUS  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 RCYjy0DlF9
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime ; big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military ; our Vets. He will be a Great Governor ; has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - ; the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons ; because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!
RT : Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! xsbuPzXbHj
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! suoRN02zMq
\"The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” @Varneyco 2bUbA7zSFM
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats.... F73I5gu0Q5
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard ; was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! ZTrfJY2afh
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! G0hbbx6xAK
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! PFvXrsvgkA
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! xsbuPzXbHj
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias c0XOk1btEQ
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
yfwdyUHmn3
More records! #MAGA 2CP5eq40Fy
RT @PastorDScott: Once the mid terms are over, liberals won’t talk about detained or separated illegal immigrant children until 2020. #itsa…
RT @GlobalGolfPost: The golf world has lost a legend in five-time Open Championship winner Peter Thomson. \n\nREAD: TfMHo2GeDG h…
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
RT @EricTrump: It is hard to believe that the historic North Korea / Kim Jong Un summit was exactly one week ago. Truly amazing to see the…
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them ; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! scvACfJwts
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇪🇸 cCubCyiRm5
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete ; nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades... 1F7EK9Ef88
THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75 5ppZhQhZu0
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: mhhJB8WQlF gP59o1RDqW
#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security ; Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry ; Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! 1Legof68lb
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
RT : The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Pa…
RT : My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history…
RT : Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a chan…
RT : I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I…
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions ; millions of lives!
Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, ; more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.”  Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News! 3VbIKbmKwP
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home ; much more!
RT @WhiteHouse: “Americans must demand their lawmakers support the legislation we need to defeat MS-13 once and for all, and to ensure ever…
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
RT : The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any…
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week. kGxXe50459
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG! I6eEKEZV6z
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! Ib97nN5HZt
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch ; Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
“Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin
RT @foxandfriends: IG REPORT BOMBSHELL: Anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok texted his lover Lisa Page \"we'll stop\" Trump from becoming presi…
RT @foxandfriends: DOJ IG report finds that an FBI lawyer told a bureau employee “Viva le resistance” after President Trump was elected htt…
RT @foxandfriends: “This is one of the most damning rebukes of the FBI that I think we’ve ever seen.” -@jasoninthehouse 9DoTim…
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: The DOJ IG report is 562 pages of nothing but bias and animus 7IeXfmvo1M
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Anything Mueller is doing with his investigation is tainted by the anti-Trump FBI agents https://t.co…
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: All of this started because Hillary Clinton set up her private server rLzjDRxxxm
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton ; Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Happy #FlagDay🇺🇸 KEUMfnoHIv
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! XlQYstu3Vo
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I won’t settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime ; Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits ; talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! yF3iwD23YQ
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce ; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security ; prosperity for his citizens! Xbup4Zyz33
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!\nTickets➜mhhJB9erdd T6eXenoSxT
Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit\n➡️43oOci4jvo xBKFkDLtj7
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
RT : Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Border…
tJG3KIn2q0
Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters ; losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black ; Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! 8MMYGuOj8Q
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers ; Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
RT @Scavino45: President  and the Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT at the #G7Summit in Canada... lju3…
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest ; weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
…Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore! 75y1SXuwuU
RT @g7: Day 1 of #G7Charlevoix in 60 seconds. U6jA8ylIgm
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers ; companies. Take down your tariffs ; barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! uKcdA8RxoN
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... pnqEHoplk0
Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many... sNlmdd6fgm
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇯🇵 6yCxud2jAN
“$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts” x1a1OJuRgd
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” La9irHMTXM
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” La9irHMTXM?
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! KppRUU5OZ3
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?”
Our Justice Department must not let Awan ; Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea ; the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported, state managed, and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. xpm7IRiZwn
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! VV3GdDISbD 4OsUDWIzwo
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell... zV8pqoVG9h
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
RT @parscale: Since the #FakeNews is full of distortions, underreporting, and lies, we launched a platform tonight presenting a comprehensi…
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 37hQxUvemf
RT @robbystarbuck: Fox News has been #1 for 197 months straight. In the latest ratings disaster for CNN they lost another 25% of their view…
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent ; corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
4OjDqTMEIx
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem ; more great music today at 3:00 P.M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
#500Days of American Greatness: qQEEPqmaax 1VCeoTk1cI
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (; others) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
....We had Repeal ; Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down ; Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax ; Regulation Cuts, Military ; Vets, Lower Crime ; Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy ; Jobs EVER, and much more...
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole ; many others over the years), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldn’t have been hired!
As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
RT @CLewandowski_: Looking forward to being on @foxandfriends tomorrow around 7:45 AM on @FoxNews. Hope you watch.
RT @foxandfriends: 223,000 jobs added in May, even the NYT runs out of words to describe how good the numbers are! K1GB8G0zsf
RT @JesseBWatters: The media had it's worst week ever! @charliekirk11 and @JoeConchaTV break it down on @WattersWorld uMEblnh6…
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead! 1p37tPiB3v
Very surprised that China would be doing this? D03kV07dF7
8lI2lomGkh
RT @KimKardashian: I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency…
Now this is a record that will never be broken! rtpLfvsBU5
....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (; gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! RAyPbOGXuZ
RT @FoxNews: President  participates in the U.S. Coast Guard [@USCG] Change-of-Command Ceremony. ekWubVkf1h
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber ; Lumber in U.S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
RT @SecPompeo: The proposed summit offers a historic opening for @POTUS and Chairman Kim to boldly lead U.S. and #DPRK into a new era of pe…
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RT @AP_Politics: Trump set to promote youth sports, wants such activities to be more accessible to economically disadvantaged children: htt…
RT @dougmillsnyt: Children race as  looks on with @IvankaTrump and New York Yankees legend Mariano Rivera they as they part…
RT @IvankaTrump: Today @POTUS hosted #FieldDay at the @WhiteHouse with the announced President’s Council on Sports, Fitness and Nutrition.…
RT @HerschelWalker: What an awesome day in D.C. participating @WhiteHouse Sports ; Fitness Day with @IvankaTrump @POTUS @MistyMayTreanor @M…
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
RT @Scavino45: President Trump kisses Jordan McLinn, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), after signing the #RightToTry Act…
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders ; Crime, loves our Military ; our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. uOy4UJ41JF
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! mtPiHsBc1H hFtpyJlV4h
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... FIUwhpUpoL
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. VD8CN5YfIo
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated ; dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men ; women WON, I’m President!
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities... Q9cOcQeEDc
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty... aOw3QwN2SV
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay YSYAHf7bNu
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (; women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 Iohcuhi4dQ
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN ; WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH! 2X0cKE4stx
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (; those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI ; Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE ; CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher ; Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! V9TgEo8MY4
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! YRlj0vRXwk
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!\n\nGood luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! aoLBK7y16a
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals ; must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts ; raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
RT : Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men ; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the poli…
RT @Scavino45: Last week after visiting FLOTUS Melania, POTUS Trump went to visit wounded HEROES at Walter Reed Medical Center. He told the…
RT @Scavino45: Today, President Trump issued an Executive Grant of Clemency (Full Pardon) posthumously to John Arthur “Jack” Johnson, the f…
RT @Scavino45: cc: @POTUS  MasB5mdUVS
RT @Scavino45: Today, @POTUS  welcomed 106-year-old Pearl Harbor veteran Ray Chavez of Poway, California to the @WhiteHouse…
Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: 2UldFozRh1 R3ACmkWsqJ
Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the \"Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.” Read more: sYZ4PzzxxW gi0qGe6ukX
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... jT0GfxT0Lc
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! pxe9Z4efyZ
RT @FoxNews: WATCH: @POTUS on his decision to cancel the planned North Korea summit. UlzBnkOdzs LTKbqNDfNU
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. rLwXxBxFKx
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. qEoi9ymUEz
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men ; Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done! w3LUiQ8SWh
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work! SMaZ8Hfas4
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... VkMCIzwt8v
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... Gs0CGJYqXU
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala mPKwukX08o
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! EfF54tmetT
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 5cr2oybrnQ
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 yvOxNiA1DM
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong ; tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama ; the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck ; I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
RT @EricTrump: It is emotional day being back at @StJude in celebration of our dear friend Colin! He was a beautiful child who we will all…
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes ; offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long ; boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia ; me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! jbJvrkV1hH
RT : We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in…
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! pqUv6cyH2z
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform Yk5UJUYgHN
RT @SteveForbesCEO: . speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends. New @Amgen drug lists at 30% less than expected. Middl…
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever... LtJ0D29Hsv
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
RT @WhiteHouse: #Laurel? #Yanny? Or... 5hth07SdGY
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! fG5W1SwIHK
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Liu He. 9T7Iq6F3Xe
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel! n1xj9LSV9D
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 3EkHChjnYA
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! b5dfUABN5q
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay agxulpPyag
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! XDtYRUeOk1
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! bDHVaGv2FS
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
RT @Scavino45: “Job openings hit record high of 6.6 million” BwDsLU6T4l
RT @Scavino45: “Trump is putting the US back on top” tnYo2EAd2T
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem f1SFvrkcAH
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews ; @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes ; see what is really going on. This kind of sickness ; hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, ; successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mother’s Day!!! zw71dnT7TJ
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT;T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! 9BzevAniNx
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! xdakX43a4d
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA🇺🇸\nfCv76VyUax
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, ; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME! hISaCI95CB
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date ; Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy ; all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... 58qwBLzxIH
RT @WhiteHouse: \"Finally, I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran. The people of America stand with you.\" https://…
RT @WhiteHouse: \"At the heart of the Iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program.…
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: O3SpryCKkc
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men ; Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio! ROEFRLY7jP
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America! 3PoNPV24p4
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... eONj1Y8oju
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness.
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer nFUc3uyQL8
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work ; is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: 4jAxJnBJoq AsWTfpu290
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations @SecPompeo! ECrMGkXMQF
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup ; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! fYYgWToddi
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! rmaLoZMWtK
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!KRQXR3xEES
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬 ApOC3CUSjV
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak ; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North ; South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
RT @WhiteHouse: \"So today, on behalf of the United States, I want to thank every Olympian and Paralympian... To every member of @TeamUSA, I…
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit QCG7bHvvxd to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. W00YxL1RwK
RT @WhiteHouse: \"Today I am honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House... We are also pleased to have our newly co…
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black ; Hispanic unemployment in history).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada ; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
MAGA! jFf5ONASlv
Thank you Kanye, very cool! vRIC87M21X
RT : Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
RT : Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who…
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul. 01c8iSGDB3
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner, in their honor. wGJcWqSzyP
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” L0gT4rvaJO
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong Xo3Cn962z8
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 ju1FXhgjaD
RT @mike_pence: PROUD to support our friend @VoteMarsha for US Senate representing Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ…
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! NlhxpPwmzT
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
A complete Witch Hunt!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything ; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, ; no more testing!
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal
RT @dmartosko: The same can be said of the \"collusion\" stuff. xMCVuH3OTs
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake ; Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch ; others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. AuJ3RLZyax
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! HqOUFgmbQS
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: DISosdqBuu gHdTgHw5FU
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked ; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked ; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”\nAlso will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! 3v2uG6Jp1T
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. r906IXnBcG
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 2NnItfwfBl
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump thanks Prime Minister @AbeShinzo for his support, discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on #NorthKorea, defense, an…
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. YqU7pHiFoU
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! 9Is7mHBFda
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested ; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security ; Safety NOW!
RT @AbeShinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。\n「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」\nトランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…
RT @IvankaTrump: This year’s #TaxDay is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated, broken system. #BYE-BYE https://t…
RT : States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr…
RT : Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, i…
RT : ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! QxMpCGRycF
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 4OW72iddQx
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 4NzyjxqAFM
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin ; former Governor Sununu in Derry, NH on #TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o…
RT @FoxBusiness: WATCH LIVE: @IvankaTrump and @stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire. (Courtesy: WBZ) C3zr…
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 538EYyfWDq
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
RT @NFIB: Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
RT @VP: Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS, today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated ; outdated…
RT @RepKevinBrady: Starting next year, you will be able to file under the new tax law, which means MORE money in your pocket – all without…
RT @WhiteHouse: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law, the Chemical Weapons Co…
RT @WhiteHouse: Out with the old, in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️\neEHFWkG8xm
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all. kcTsLNN1Uu
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Crumbs are still coming. #MAGA\nJFZL6czboZ
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Tomorrow is #TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old, broken code. Check…
RT @IvankaTrump: Looking forward to traveling to Manchester, NH tomorrow with Sec @stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last #TaxDay under the o…
RT @GOP: Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family.
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing. His reputation rehabilitation book to…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018. Let’s defy history. #MAGA #LeadRight\nfo8g0pSjWQ
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 ; more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
RT : So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fines…
RT @nikkihaley: oO3wIKolMy
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
6VLQYAlcto
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! grABSrYUBX
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER ; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts oSGZe0irBf
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts RwaLpCRPh5
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.\n\nI will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: XAchZ3zUSe Dqe8QhpDAZ
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay tyga4VtjLT
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! b9z5Nfdkcl
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” LQlACDDLug
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump at Signing of #FOSTA #SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: z4FPQxt4Bl XvScPqvAkQ
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake ; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA ; Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton ; Larry K on board. I (we) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide\nhF5EZHlSVS JfGue4IIs1
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! BjWKcMX0iL
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! kzmfovwUeb 7AgbwbFNuw
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! zKGgPlaadS
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. #Syria qiEahlL3Ah
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal ; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air ; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! sulTcRp3IC
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” TtMDfi4bv0
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 5jxdojPZmN
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
RT : We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who repr…
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA IwPuQNadMM
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses! 0u3dpLJiV2
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” q80PaE0gQo
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: XXtPO0VX5A SH0esMSyMT
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico ; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! Z7fqQKcnez
Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: XAchZ3zUSe RRftyTGEvb
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC ; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue JAzSE6yEes
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer ZzycNoDCQJ
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico ; Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day” ECBCHfll0p
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! bOMJRK8FyK
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch ; Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...
UM3YJ6lUiD
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE! Q9rPZi2D2s
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again! pN2TE5HDQm
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! bU3KS62c0x
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state ; local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! pmCNoxxlkH
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! ZM7AYJyECr
RT : Because of the $700 ; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is a…
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news! #MAGA mRQGRJkozC
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA jYhjpoJKHe
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy” GwSJ2UK2xD GltMwxINA2
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! 6euI31R4Gz
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame ; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Because of the $700 ; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! kYwMk5AE5k
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign ; Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job ; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA ZbXFxNVMLP
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. 7NBI0Dibmx nmzqos3BUA
RT @FLOTUS: Greetings from @WhiteHouse mjuHFqglYz
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
RT @WhiteHouse: The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery ; hope. President Trump is asking e…
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice ; State. #DrainTheSwamp
Happy #StPatricksDay 4vVsW2smhB
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
“U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” tXJsSRoM64
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 ZbogpAE09g
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! ZT3WnIZR2L
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, five @Cabinet Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation's crumbling infrastructure. Pr…
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic ; Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy. 60bHhrp8Y1
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! 4kPofEii3i
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! CUutL5SZxQ
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA 9pHH60DVlX
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST ; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! vKXBd0CGH1
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! oCt1nH3DON
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! NEGCR6rM7Y
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL ; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country ; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws ; protect our people! #BuildTheWall NGqNueukvj
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous ; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...” NdLC6jZwWE
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! fU6Ukc271l
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong IO6B42jixA
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ckbCOsDQ2l
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!\nPYJNg0WGDL
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel ; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers ; tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled ; amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big ; happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime ; border. Loves 2nd A ; VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! ChUQEa6rsC
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA YAaqRcA7ZS
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States” \n \nProclamation: aCaMtOUAl0\nRemarks: nypErcqFSU rcrkpvChkz
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States”\n \nProclamation: hxduwSoElz\nRemarks: nypErcqFSU q92FDYZeUl
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA InWj0QTosz
Happy #InternationalWomensDay\n\n“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” EwYtFXGvn2
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect ; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies ; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies ; leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
Great couple, great book! cLDI79rin8
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @FoxNews: Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @SeanHannity and @TuckerCarlson leading the pack at 1st and 2n…
We will see what happens! Y1qxoAUfd9
We are getting it done - jobs and security! Ui8bubj7Yr
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come ; go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies ; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new ; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! 4UGYuJpUA7
Happy National Anthem Day! cf1eugMbKU
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 2qMoUccVC2
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. d6y3Q00BSy
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
RT @IvankaTrump: My OpEd on the importance of #YouthSports participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our…
RT @Scavino45: “Trump Comes Through — Saves $1.4 Billion On New Air Force One” cN3TAQywpR
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.\nFull Opioid Summit: qqfeVr4BBf oFvr0DJMEf
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” UgAJRawExx
“Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” XZkwS8tTml
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA SzHTarzfrW
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good ; some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: tbl94sCM01 TmUMusoR9x
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. \n\nWe say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. EM4lZUZpX9
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... z1vvAemlBP
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. 5aMh8nFPJW
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume ; spectrum of issues.”
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you! FyQdgKvsRO
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.” aL7aVoR7XC
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
WITCH HUNT!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
RT @WhiteHouse: Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa…
RT @VollrathTammie:  @FoxNews sERi7Vyh5I
RT @FoxNews: President  on Dem FISA memo: \"A lot of bad things happened on the other side, not on this side, but the other…
RT @FoxNews: President  on DACA: \"I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found.\" …
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept ; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big ; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
RT : I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end…
So true Wayne, and Lowest black unemployment in history! gDxxJdZQUm
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!\n\n🇺🇸🇦🇺Press Conference: rKokJGRsgu PkJUw8x9jb
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 5GDh7Jonkv
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 qGKW2xGjP0
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 rD9oTU8iex
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.\n\nThere is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver! WhC2AxgWXO
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics 3cUZwLVGua
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police ; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN ; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!\n\nFull Listening Session: x5VenyQX5p CAPfX5odIp
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. e1697tcyaI
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes em0wBbvy5P
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you! 9TTXlfokYz
Bad ratings @CNN ; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. \"This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses.\" w9aw68UwOj
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes ; waste money!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations ; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. rYsv90cnvs
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
RT @mike_pence: Big night. Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner. As I told the crowd, under President : Promise…
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House ; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”\nRob Goldman\nVice President of Facebook Ads A5ft7cGJkE
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman! XGC7ynZwYJ
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims ; their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders ; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! 3yJsrebZMG ti791dENTy
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida: RTQWAKiSnR Nhs32bm5zB
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn’t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
RT @SpoxDHS: Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of @DHSgov to enforce immigration laws, creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio…
In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. bu140nscez OoTXMCSexB
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure. 8ByoQJsjTT BVBRDvHfcC
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: Sw1iGIJgWV Nx0AEKZy5p
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong ; smart, loves Pennsylvania ; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut ; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. xV1lgfhjBU
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD. AoingY77Ky
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI ; DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing ; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. yukxm48x9X
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast 1cwxs3l0uK
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast zukP40Ezpo
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! giN2B1h6Ph
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! aboM2Up48y
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best! eZfLSpyJPK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! JtEglBhm4c
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: VPMTnko7Ik 4OaXXuj9Va
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. rP9Gtr2E5N
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration ; cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal, they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. XDMcDOr9vM
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! GISFbDDGXX
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 CJts3udtNO
RT @EricTrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 iszxYp036c
Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet: Q027Wgdzdo NecuA0y1Sk
“Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” XpirrtTY6V
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!\n✅Unemployment rate at 4.1%.\n✅Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.\n✅200,000 new American jobs.\n✅#MAGA🇺🇸 upqSvBhRqJ
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank ; File are great people!
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.
Join me live for the #SOTU\n0SLktWxfHi
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar! Y9inQaCt7o
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety ; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients ; a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! PfHM7UiZ0C 25W0SZHTOu
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch ; release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety ; Security reasons.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 IQkoQJxR5B
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 fdHejCmv73 DuKJlVTWB8
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 87pLrCpQkZ
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 SaPzwVhDiB
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 7egYlxnFBd
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. clBsJTGz8B jTJkusdBQA
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 2sZM9YI7tJ
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 FPP8aRDAyt
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! dmYECTnk0a RSv7V7r0DT
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans ; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction! tzBXilvW1b
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!
RT : Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that hap…
RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: \"My father was elected for one reason, and that's because he actually believes in putting America first, which is…
RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls: \"Since @POTUS took office, 863,000 new jobs were filled by women. Over half a million American women have en…
RT @FoxNews: .@davidwebbshow: \"Let's look at the calendar. It's January 20th. DACA expires on March 5th. That means this was a construct of…
RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: \"People have seen a year that's incredible, that's been filled with nothing but the best for our country, America…
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
RT : Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our danger…
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, ; ISIS, Judicial Strength ; Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women ; ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military ; Veterans!
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety ; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. DMST4qhDmp
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?”\nSen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)\n7xP3CBnv5j
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...\n0O0VsYXmHB
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA f2abNK47II
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! kWPgylqFzj
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...\n59G6x2f7fD
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. kDcGbMieSt
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! hz2q9UTfnF
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! OwXVUyLOb1
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal qNQqDLRmCk
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based. 7PtoSFK1n2
New report from DOJ ; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! TerYFZViax
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day” bD3R2dJfyp
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
RT : Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no t…
RT : DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed m…
RT : I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people co…
RT : ...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the poli…
RT : “President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers…
RT @EricTrump: I will be always be incredibly proud of my work for @StJude, raising $16.3+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 9.2%…
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 b81NtQGhHa
RT @Heritage: We had a special visitor yesterday. @IvankaTrump, thank you for meeting with @KayColesJames, spending time with our team, and…
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
RT @WhiteHouse: \"Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American Dream. It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation, etched i…
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST ; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
RT : So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They prom…
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
RT @paulsperry_: aU1rdyKA1W
RT @paulsperry_: Fusion GPS, firm behind disputed Russia dossier, retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp\ns6CFPXSVqb
RT @JackPosobiec: Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration. \n\nHere's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to…
RT @LouDobbs: The stock market has gained an incredible 7.8 Trillion dollars in market value since @POTUS was elected! Looks like 4% econom…
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. samlJsz1Nt
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain ; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery ; Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees! 47azKD0l9B
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! ELZvFol5Lo
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS ; JOBS ACT! SLvhLxP3Jl
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy! Kcg8IVH6iA
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! 4CFzQXb5aS
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: qWR1BhfQZI PJvwznjRCO
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ptXa1hAPwW yv6RALkQf3
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, ; yet on and on it goes. Russia ; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!\n#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay\nPresident  HXCpTlruVo
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA🇺🇸 QaxtqpyXTR
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
RT @Scavino45: “Utilities cutting rates, cite benefits of Trump tax reform” u19JMs4Bsr
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! 0MdP9DDIAS LP2a8KCBAp
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, I want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, and even the very dishonest Fake News Media, a Happy and Healthy New Year. 2018 will be a great year for America!
Iran, the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis, has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate. Not good!
What a year it’s been, and we're just getting started. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! qsMNyN1UJG
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff, and their families. We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all! #LESM
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election. People are much better off now not to mention ISIS, VA, Judges, Strong Border, 2nd A, Tax Cuts ; more?
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day. Now they have a great future - and just beginning! 9TzSC8F8vY
Big protests in Iran. The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism. Looks like they will not take it any longer. The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations!
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” 0foQGaFjMh
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S. Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut, and it will only get better. MUCH MORE TO COME!
I use Social Media not because I like to, but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “press,” now often referred to as Fake News Media. Phony and non-existent “sources” are being used more often than ever. Many stories ; reports a pure fiction!
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy. Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow. Now real economics and jobs.” @WSJ Report
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. The world is watching! kvv1uAqcZ9
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most.... W8rKN9B6RT
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption ; its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad. Iranian govt should respect their people’s rights, including right to express themselves. The world is watching! #IranProtests
The Democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration ; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc. We must protect our Country at all cost!
Why is the United States Post Office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages, making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer? Should be charging MUCH MORE!
RT @charliekirk11: Incredible video: @CBS does a special on the GOP tax plan \n\nThe result?\n\nEvery middle class family they sat down with SA…
RT @charliekirk11: ISIS getting slaughtered: \n\nSquare miles liberated from ISIS\nTrump: 26,000 --  Obama: 13,200\n\nTotal Square miles held by…
RT @FoxBusiness: .@charliekirk11: \"What this president has done is truly historic, and if a Democrat president achieved 1/10th of what @POT…
RT @charliekirk11: 3 big wins in 2017 you won't hear:\n\nTrump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a President's 1st year (all co…
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28, 2017, was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28, 2009, which was 47%...and this despite massive negative Trump coverage ; Russia hoax!
In the East, it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record. Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country, but not other countries, was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against. Bundle up!
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! OeyTdFyl1Q wdLQkfdy4m
RT : “Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump” \n70iPHy2Yqn
RT @DanScavino: Congratulations to the 2017 @PinstripeBowl (Yankee Stadium) Champions, Iowa @HawkeyeFootball! NlaWU6bKmH
RT @EricTrump: #ThrowbackThursdays \n 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 Z44IObGZ7V
RT @IvankaTrump: “The Trump economy is booming.” One thing  “has done that has received little attention despite arguably d…
I've been saying it for a long, long time. #NoKo LQl7tGhMdO
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen!
Retail sales are at record numbers. We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James’s ; a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief ; begging for forgiveness!
“Arrests of MS-13 Members, Associates Up 83% Under Trump” \n70iPHy2Yqn
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles..” @jamiejmcintyre @dcexaminer OgYEuDgzD2
Just left West Palm Beach Fire ; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles...” via @jamiejmcintyre 0lXKMUoPE9
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill. Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS!
WOW, @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus. Clinton Campaign, DNC funded Dossier. FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION. FBI TAINTED.” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign!
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill, which essentially Repeals (over time) ObamaCare, the Democrats ; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan!
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (which is happening faster than anyone anticipated)!
RT @EricTrump: We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price  — Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! mYtV5GNdLl
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! xa2qxcisVV
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again. I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is. They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @shawgerald4:  Thank you President TRUMP!! LKdkT0FL99
.@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), he was using, allegedly, his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.”
Remember, the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year. In Senate, I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost. Virginia candidate was not a “Trumper,” and he lost.  Good Republican candidates will win BIG!
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration, perhaps more than any other President in first year. Sadly, will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media!
Wow, “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned,” according to @FoxNews.
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wife’s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation?
RT @EricTrump: #JournalismIsDead  xZaJD5ADb7
Remember, the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill.
Today, it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country. Full remarks: kMxoxEB68G OeAoA0sLfx
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea. The World wants Peace, not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader, Yale and then Harvard Law, who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida. He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER!
95% of Americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes (mostly far less). The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office. Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill.
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record), Regulation Cutting, Judicial Appointments, Building Military, VA, TAX CUTS ; REFORM, Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more, I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news?
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year.” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA. Sadly, the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. We are compiling a long ; beautiful list.
At some point, and for the good of the country, I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion. Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start. After having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is time to start rebuilding our country!
So true! 1c8hu6O5t9
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses. This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of, and now it is the rage. Merry Christmas!
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 9HgcBKDSxo dTMU8OwmWB
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, Tax Cuts. House Republicans, don’t let this happen. Pass the C.R. TODAY and keep our Government OPEN!
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success!
The Massive Tax Cuts, which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses, will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. Companies are already making big payments to workers. Dems want to raise taxes, hate these big Cuts!
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! HY353gXV0R
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!\n#TaxCutsandJobsAct lLgATrCh5o
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 47k9i4p3J2
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically ; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT ; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Congratulations to Paul Ryan, Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady, Steve Scalise, Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS. I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. The unnamed sources don’t exist!
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size. Immediate expensing will have a big impact. Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed. Enjoy, and create many beautiful JOBS!
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world.... ds6tZlgJpA
With the strategy that I announced today, we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN!\n\nOUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY: B3POaMVID8
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period. Wow!
Thank you Maria B! v1UR63CqLK
So true Ivanka! BNGUJG69Ki
As the world watches, we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses. It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country! EvcAkjuf8w
When the American People speak, ALL OF US should listen. Just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear. On November 8, 2016, you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 3AOv53S0PU
Over the past 11 months, I have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries. I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled, it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 7SDsEeIhJH
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State. We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities... Gyf5BdVm4G
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont, Washington. Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene. We are currently monitoring here at the White House.
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont, WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly. Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads, bridges, tunnels, railways (and more) crumble! Not for long!
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends.
Remember, Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year. The media refuses to mention this. I said Gillespie and Moore would lose (for very different reasons), and they did. I also predicted  “I” would win. Republicans will do well in 2018, very well! @foxandfriends
More than a century after conquering flight, the #WrightBrothers continue to motivate ; inspire Americans, who never tire of exploration ; innovation. This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation: NeKPMgkdg8 pODjl00lAy
Wonderful weekend at Camp David. A very special place. A lot of very important work done. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now. cKxlsdr1ut
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country. Now, we are just days away... MADTGUMktX
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 1sH20Hb33x
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers, leading to higher growth, higher wages, and more JOBS! 4GxM8psMU1
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys, Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie, on the success of their just out book, “Let Trump Be Trump.” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
Great job Kevin, we are all proud of you! K6hEEaOxKt
RT @RepKristiNoem: A lot of tough decisions got us to this point, but we’re closer than we’ve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k…
RT @SpeakerRyan: For individuals and families, the final Tax Cuts ; Jobs Act:\n✔lowers individual taxes\n✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p…
DOW, S;P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! #MAGA hvqwnqSGuG
Today, it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico, Virginia. \n\nI am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service. We love you! eLOTc7do52
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE.\n\nThank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and thank you to our law enforcement families. God Bless you all, and GOD BLESS AMERICA! #LESM 9ejiddVL9h
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico, CONGRATULATIONS! bGT8S33ZLU
It was my honor. THANK YOU! 1LvqbRQ1bi
RT @GOPChairwoman: . is the Paycheck President. Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket ; how to contact…
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” LuV4BMp0Xc
In 1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations. Today there are over 185,000 pages, as seen in the Roosevelt Room.\n\nToday, we CUT THE RED TAPE! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! teAVNzjvcx
When Americans are free to thrive, innovate, ; prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, ; no goal beyond our reach. \n\nWe are a nation of explorers, pioneers, innovators ; inventors. We are nation of people who work hard, dream big, ; who never, ever give up... 9LVdp6zOgZ
Today, we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades, an ever-growing maze of regs, rules, and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars, millions of jobs, countless American factories, ; devastated entire industries. ostXOVnckf
As a candidate, I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working Americans. If you make your voices heard, this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM, PROSPERITY AND PRIDE! exsBzrlCdw
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good. All are working hard. In the meantime, the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
Wishing all of those celebrating #Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. A5W0PDWBxp D9MVVPq39x
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High, along with a Record High Stock Market. Unemployment is at a 17 year low. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS (looking good).
The people of Alabama will do the right thing. Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion, weak on Crime, Military and Illegal Immigration, Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL. Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet. Roy Moore will always vote with us. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill ; Crooked-USED!
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don’t know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS!
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America!
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!
Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens! CvtkCG1pln
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
Great Army - Navy Game. Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY (last time was 1996). Wow! Congratulations!
.@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when, in fact, he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on T.V.). FAKE NEWS, he should be fired.
.@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue, w/ thousands of people outside, on their way in. Real photos now shown as I spoke. Packed house, many people unable to get in. Demand apology ; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo! XAblFGh1ob
Have a great game today, @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching. \n\nWe love our U.S. Military. On behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service! \n#ArmyNavyGame #USA🇺🇸 8m1W9rFwIh
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum ; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past ; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom, equality, justice ; peace. 5AkgVpV8aa
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor, @PhilBryantMS. Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum!
CNN’S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his “mistake”). Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country.
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola, Florida. Arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and really smart. They definitely get what’s going on. Thank you Pensacola!
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD! r2ITtWwfVs
This is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most. So speak up, be heard, and fight, fight, fight for the change you've been waiting for your entire life!\n\nMERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola, Florida! geWGzpzRp6
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center. Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! #MAGA RQFqOkcpNV
On my way to Pensacola, Florida. See everyone soon! #MAGA ijwxVSYQ52
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1%. The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6%, the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7%, the lowest ever recorded...”\n@SecretaryAcosta @USDOL vou28s0yHN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 64a93S07s7
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped, as has incorrectly been reported, but will be pursued and, if anything, substantially increased. I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already. The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100% of the time. He’s bad on Crime, Life, Border, Vets, Guns ; Military. VOTE ROY MOORE!
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola, Florida, for a Make America Great Again speech. We have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! See you there!
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! bYdaOHmPVJ
Tonight, @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very #HappyHanukkah\nwyPkpTsP1i XhNXZSBEC8
Across the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war, one great battle cry could be heard by America’s friends and foes alike:\n“REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR.” dfev02TwIr
Today, as we Remember Pearl Harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941. They are HEROES, and they are living witnesses to American History. All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. x5LDl25o30
Today, the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse, in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. LkXsBx2JF8 ogmpydr5LK
Today, our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America. \n\nGod Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform, and God Bless the United States of America. #PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸 qGhlsPlxtH
RT : National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7, 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade...Really good. @foxandfriends
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain YpfVHtq8tE
RT @ChuckGrassley: Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‘95 (Senate vote 93-5 ; I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99. For 1…
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... YwgWmT0O8m
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope\nwLXKoISSTG
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! g9y9PkB352
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in San Diego. Next phase underway: testing and ev…
Join me this Friday in Pensacola, Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets: zA7SGgWqBE QzFdxQdgAL
Yesterday, I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends, in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol.\n\nIt was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante...\njiTHcPovCi dIpdAUVoRB
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes, this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes, tough on crime, strong on military and borders...; so much more. Look at your 401-k’s since Election. Highest Stock Market EVER! Jobs are roaring back!
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ABC News (he has been suspended), should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars!
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends  Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! MSIkBCKF3t
RT @paulsperry_: Wray needs to clean house. Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton. It also infe…
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: top FBI investigator for Mueller--PETER STRZOK--busted sending political text messages bashing Trump ; praising…
RT @GovChristie: .@POTUS has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President. EfjJVrE29G
RT @PressSec: The Trump effect: “The U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -WSJ\nee5N0z…
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary, AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress, deleted and “acid washed” 33,000 Emails? No justice!
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed, while Crooked Hillary Clinton, on that now famous FBI holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording, lies many times...and nothing happens to her? Rigged system, or just a double standard?
Great job First Lady Melania! TRuvaftPcD
62 years ago this week, a brave seamstress in Montgomery, Alabama uttered one word that changed history... eOvCBcMIKX
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate. Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage. Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment!
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America. Special thanks to @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate. Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas! gmWTny3SfS
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:\n\n“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS...” 2vCBDtLh3C
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects, (I call the final shots) we work well together and America is highly respected again!\nFrqiPLFJ1E
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump proclaims today as #WorldAIDSDay: AMqW8mWiak XGp8EelNzz
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country. The Bill is getting better and better. This is a once in a generation chance. Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon. The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections.
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God’s love for all of humanity.\n\nWhatever our beliefs, we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life... P94C3LjWlx
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG. It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. \n\nNow, as President of the United States, it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world, a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! cTvdlUkfHV
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!\n#DOW24K #MAGA NoVt1uFp0y
Today, it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse. Bahrain and the United States are important partners.\n\nDuring the Crown Prince’s visit, he is advancing $9 BILLION in commercial deals, including finalizing the purchase of F-16’s... vYuw7UGYmN
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch. Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! PIv9OAVZcf 6egRvuwj1l
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time (another all-time Record). If the Dems had won the Presidential Election, the Market would be down 50% from these levels and Consumer Confidence, which is also at an all-time high, would be “low and glum!”
Stock Market hits new Record High. Confidence and enthusiasm abound. More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy, who just returned from North Korea, seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man. Hard to believe his people, and the military, put up with living in such horrible conditions. Russia and China condemned the launch.
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue!  @foxandfriends
The Failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the Democrat Party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill. They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner!
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
“Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security....\"\nCharles McCullough\nFmr Intel Comm Inspector General b0tLW5TVhX
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans!
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump. Big stuff. Deep State. Give this information NOW! @FoxNews
.@Theresa_May, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Theresa @theresamay, don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine!
Now, we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY.\n\nBut in order to achieve this bright and glowing future, the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life!\njMNwEMrbbr 3Niu0thp1D
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! wW3QNxcCHf sRL2yRK6k2
This week, the Senate can join the House ; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! 9jddEW2Oo5
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.\n\nA successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!\njR1DEUnm2h XF9sRwdV8u
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.\n\nStock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! HrKIF72VqE
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC ; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 8zJ3j7g5el
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! XxtlxNNSiP
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary! qhkrfQrtjV
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! 11LgbfFJDq
.@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! VB0Ao3s18d
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Q7AiR0buM2
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka! AQL4JLvnDh
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged ; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't ; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty ; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
RT @narendramodi: Had a wonderful meeting with @IvankaTrump, advisor to @POTUS and leader of the US delegation at the @GES2017. https://t.c…
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November. The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5, notching its best reading since December 2000...” iNOtT3K8Vn
Dow, S;P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! wJyB9d00hh
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense, General James Mattis. lZMqK5jBvh
“Statement from President Donald J. Trump on #GivingTuesday” NrfnmixAwR
RT @IvankaTrump: It was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi. Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ…
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working. Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked, are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes. I don’t see a deal!
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for the warm welcome. I’m excited to be in Hyderabad, India for #GES2017. 1U08h5L9Rm
RT @FLOTUS: The decorations are up! @WhiteHouse is ready to celebrate! Wishing you a Merry Christmas ; joyous holiday season! …
RT @statedeptspox: #GES2017 highlights the important role of women #entrepreneurs ; demonstrates the importance of #innovation ; partnershi…
RT @FLOTUS: Had a wonderful visit from @JBA_NAFW children today at the @whitehouse! #WhiteHouseChristmas Hnw758zHzL
Melania, our great and very hard working First Lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you run, you will win.” She would tell everyone that, “no doubt, he will win.” I also felt I would win (or I would not have run) - and Country is doing great!
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country, our Flag and our National Anthem. Weak and out of control!
Thank you Rand! NvPeleVmub
New home sales reach a 10 year high. Stock Market has more record gains. Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going! Democrats want big Tax Increases.
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well, great support. With just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
The good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares! I7h4Ryin3h
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President (me). They are all bad. Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY!
Back in D.C., big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country.  Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better. The end result will be great for ALL!
Since the first day I took office, all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election, Russia, Russia,Russia.  Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary. He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough. Can’t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race. Liberal Jones would be BAD!
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime, WEAK on the Border, Bad for our Military and our great Vets, Bad for our 2nd Amendment, AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY. Jones would be a disaster!
Wow, even I didn’t realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. ApVbu2b0Jd
.@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN, but outside of the U.S., CNN International is still a major source of (Fake) news, and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly. The outside world does not see the truth from them!
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration, who just quit!
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick. Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. We will bring it back to life!
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday!\n\nA great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally at a #SmallBiz. #ShopSmall pBQaBHvl7k
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss of life. We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before, and we will. Need the WALL, need the BAN! God bless the people of Egypt.
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt. The world cannot tolerate terrorism, we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson. Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA!
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East. I will get it all done, but what a mistake, in lives and dollars (6 trillion), to be there in the first place!
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country, our Flag, our Anthem continues without penalty to the players. The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. Players are the boss! udXP5MR8BC
Two great people! 5cVnMhnmuH
A great guy (with great ratings)! S0S6xqrjSC
RT @DeptofDefense: #HappyThanksgiving from @USArmy and @USNationalGuard #soldiers serving with Task Force Marauder in #Afghanistan. 🦃 https…
RT @Scavino45: Today, @POTUS  and @FLOTUS Melania visit the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florid…
ObamaCare premiums are going up, up, up, just as I have been predicting for two years. ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats, and it is a disaster. But do not worry. Even though the Dems want to Obstruct, we will Repeal ; Replace right after Tax Cuts!
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG, at the Lake Worth Inlet Station, in Riviera Beach, Florida today!\n#HappyThanksgiving C35HR9opbP
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! nQhi7XopMW
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M.  Afghanistan, Iraq, USS Monterey, Turkey ; Bahrain. Then going to Coast Guard Quarters, Florida.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING, your Country is starting to do really well. Jobs coming back, highest Stock Market EVER, Military getting really strong, we will build the WALL, V.A. taking care of our Vets, great Supreme Court Justice, RECORD CUT IN REGS, lowest unemployment in 17 years....!
....And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 75wozGJQoP
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
RT @FLOTUS: Preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @WhiteHouse! N5qZ1NP8ez
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. 1AxmegKqvu
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
RT @IngrahamAngle: “Far right”? You mean “right so far,” as in  has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
RT @Realjmannarino:  The ungratefulness is something I’ve never seen before. If you get someone’s son out of prison, he sho…
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! 1LidydhORD
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
Today, we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House. Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler’s Rest... fsS8B8f5UR
President Donald J. Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House. Zauqz4jfWv
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem. Great disrespect! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season. Attendance and ratings way down.
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved. Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public!
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border, another badly hurt. We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. We will, and must, build the Wall!
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal.
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China, as it should be (5-10 years in jail), but not to father LaVar. Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead. China told them why they were released. Very ungrateful!
Sen. Jeff Flake(y), who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race, anemic polls) was caught (purposely) on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite President. He’ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast.”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!
RT @greta: Thank you  - this is important to so many of us zJAfZByQKX
RT @piersmorgan: BOOM! Thank you, Mr President. Trophy-hunting is repellent. iEPfEQNX4t
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can’t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts. Under study for years. Will update soon with Secretary Zinke. Thank you!
Today, it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse! \n#NCAAChampions🏆Photos: Ecl2phhzyl w8jE24pLwa
Together, we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel, #MS13, and many other gangs...\n\n'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown'\nMp268d8RaU mrynwnTuoO
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy. If we get Tax Cuts and Reform, we'll really see some great results!
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words. Where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 ; 6 while she sleeps? .....
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform, 227-205. Zero Dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the #TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year! 8FjefMj6hh
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move, we'll see what happens!
....your release possible and, HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome, go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made.....
Big vote tomorrow in the House. Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you! EQMwv1XbiM
Thank you, working hard! TmNdNPBJ3m
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships ; benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
RT @Scavino45: 20,295 miles later #POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as @POTUS  lands on the South Lawn of @WhiteHouse…
RT : Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Mark…
RT @PChowka: Sean Hannity's Big Week - Top Ratings, Probing Reporting, and Let There Be Light at American Thinker b0RxpZd3Lb h…
RT : Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.\n\nRemember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!\n\nA day…
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
THANK YOU ASIA! #USA🇺🇸 FziKSbrzcu
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines. Keep up the GREAT WORK! 3ABVXTsJM0
One of the most accurate polls last time around. But #FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s. They are wrong. Some people think numbers could be in the 50's. Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! YhrwkdObhP
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set.
Just arrived at #ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders. Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS, unlike the horror shows from past Administrations. Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends!
After my tour of Asia, all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed. The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly!
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor. He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!\n\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
I am proud of the Rep. House ; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {; reform.} We’re getting close! Now, how about ending the unfair ; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare ; reducing taxes even further? Cut top rate to 35% w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
Happy to announce, I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary. He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs ; work in order to #MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled.
Great day of bilateral meetings at #ASEANSummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! 2ahAvm4n9s
Thank you! TD0rYcWN8C
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam, thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the #ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now. WfSd8EE3Nm
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam! YxHRNhhPWo
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi, Vietnam!
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me \"old,\" when I would NEVER call him \"short and fat?\" Oh well, I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen!
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? Obama tried also, but he had zero chemistry with Putin.
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. There always playing politics - bad for our country. I want to solve North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, terrorism, and Russia can greatly help!
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at #APEC meetings. Good discussions on Syria. Hope for his help to solve, along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis. Progress being made.
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi, Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the Phillipines.
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #NoKo. Said he wants them to denuclearize. Progress is being made.
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” \n➡️hgUQP9leqK \n➡️9C0yyIv9Ws f9snmRUA4a
On this wonderful Veterans Day, I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS. Thank you! GhQbCA7yII
On behalf of an entire nation, Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!\n#USMC242 #SemperFi ecgoSJP5Uc
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 8gKQUhit2X
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security -economic security IS national security. It is vital to our national strength. #APEC2017 mGPeyZEyqm
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. That is the message I am here to deliver today. #APEC2017 CM3Hqt16A8
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific, and together, to promote our prosperity and security. #APEC2017 gN2YbS9CYB
In more and more places throughout this region, citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies, and unlocked the potential of their people. #APEC2017 a570IIGe0I
Throughout my travels, I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America. I've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free ; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign ; independent nations, w/diverse cultures ; many different dreams, can all prosper side-by-side. qBOCY3u7YV
Just landed in Da Nang, Vietnam to deliver a speech at #APEC2017
I am leaving China for #APEC2017 in Vietnam. @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops.
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea. He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan!
I don’t blame China, I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $100's of billions. How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue? I would've done same!
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China. 🇺🇸🇨🇳 mK3SB7t3EV
President Xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸J9x51h1LBe g4Z7mO5cV9
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! 7ifv5gT7Ur
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! sQoUWIGAiQ
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. 4llqLrNpK3
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! ma0F7SHbVU
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! 9tsZRCC83j
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. zyuYc0fIH6
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear ; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, ; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... xJ4jUpA8d8
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength! 2YXkIvRIFi
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷\n#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia \n➡️M3iEhPdkas hSxdtd2UnY
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day. A record amount of drugs collected ; disposed. We can do this!
Franklin, such a great photo. \n\nHAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father, @BillyGraham! l0c7RvvOa1
.@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone. Vote today, ASAP!
....and has been horrible on Virginia economy. Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia. He’s weak on crime, weak on our GREAT VETS, Anti-Second Amendment....
....is making. Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class, companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration....
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. It will always be remembered. bMvJz1iV2a
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys, in South Korea. 🇺🇸🇰🇷 5NJirz4iNM kNLyONhBCC
RT @AbeShinzo: トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。\n\n本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。\n\n https://t.…
RT : #USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 EvxFqAVnFS
....Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing....
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon, a fine gentleman. We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military ; energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy, under Democrat rule, has been terrible. If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back!
#USA🇺🇸 #Japan🇯🇵 EvxFqAVnFS
...Americans do what we do best: we pull together. We join hands. We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness, we stand strong... qkCPgtKGkA
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI ; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. 4HnXkR3EhW
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! KEXnIkkQks
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people! vYLULe0o2K
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe. 6LRAgojvDB
I am landing shortly. Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY. See you soon! AVLrrOxmm4
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange. Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Market ever, up $5.4 trill
RT @IvankaTrump: Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people. ありがとうございます [Thank you]! Until next time 🇯🇵…
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.\n\nRemember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!\n\nA day I’ll never forget. CMkB0kTkSc
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii. My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival. Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @FLOTUS now. 6gDME9cmnS
Getting ready to land in Hawaii. Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military.
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! twUNktGbnb
The rigged Dem Primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night. Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam ; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders, not Crooked H, without cheating, I was right.
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
...Based on that, the Military has hit ISIS \"much harder\" over the last two days. They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the West Side, was \"their soldier.\" .....
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI ; Justice Dept.
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book. Crooked Hillary bought the DNC ; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
....People are angry.  At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!
...New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted E-mails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary ; the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact.
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00. Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch. James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
....This is real collusion and dishonesty. Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders. Bought and paid for by Crooked H....
Great Tax Cut rollout today. The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill, but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @FederalReserve. 6aDuRy3zws
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A., $3+ BILLION/yr. in research/engineering ; $6 BILLION/yr. in manufacturing. NsJ4PtVTtl
Today, we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapore back to the U.S.A..... WrqUXBndyZ
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE! #USA🇺🇸 d7L1YW5iVY
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. tW4wOlI4vu
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros, 2017 #WorldSeries Champions⚾️#HoustonStrong #EarnHistory BP7OEzdhFi
...There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. Should move fast. DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room. He killed 8 people, badly injured 12. SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today. Tomorrow, I will be announcing the new head of the Fed. I think you will be extremely impressed by this person! 5ASJVLGAiG
Happy birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! suAnjs6Ccz
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures. The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack. God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! PQGeTTdRtX
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! imPIdOzjAn
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. WZFHXoJE3K
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸 6K3Xw5P87d
\"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems\" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the \"Diversity Visa Lottery Program,\" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack. God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere. Enough!
In NYC, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. Law enforcement is following this closely. NOT IN THE U.S.A.!
U.S. COAL PRODUCTION\nUp📈7.8% past year. \nDown📉31.5% last 10 years. \n#EndingWarOnCoal xr20OBb2DV
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more: XzJiZgGQ8R STBtR6mO2j
\"Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000\" Read more: w7WkcobFun nLo5XCnuIx
RT @IvankaTrump: We're working to make tax cuts ; the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families. The time is now! #TaxRefor…
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!\n#Halloween2017 BRpgXVRI8Y
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! BK7sDv9phU
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” 2U7WJmfGlM
....earth shattering. He and his brother could Drain The Swamp, which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday, the one that has the Dems in a dither, is Podesta running from his firm. What he know about Crooked Dems is....
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
....came to the campaign. Few people knew the young, low level volunteer named George, who has already proven to be a liar. Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime. As Paul Manaforts lawyer said, there was \"no collusion\" and events mentioned took place long before he...
....Also, there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry, but this is years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign. But why aren't Crooked Hillary ; the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends.
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972,000 to Fusion GPS. The firm also got $12,400,000 (really?) from DNC. Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this \"Russia\" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts ; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!
...are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton, and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!
...\"collusion,\" which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's...
...the Uranium to Russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more. Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia,....
Never seen such Republican ANGER ; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,000,000?),....
As usual, the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it), but we will Repeal ; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released, long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close. Sad!
Happy #FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there. We are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrifice and courage 24/7/365! vOcTlyOeyw
...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest.
...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency and...
After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. Everyone can help fight the #OpioidEpidemic by participating! ONObTWOaOn CYG11DnxH7
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News). Thank you Mr. President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (3.0 despite the big hurricane hits). Best consecutive Q's in years!
“WHAT HAPPENED”\n\n“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”\n➡️GqpIidk017\n\nNOW WE KNOW! SgWL1HZmkI
#JFKFiles AnPBSJFh3J
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!\n#FlashbackFriday MCrMK6Eurm
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be....\n🎥PEj1KNYcAO
.@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” nACQerJSiu
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. DL3oan4Fm7
Diane Black of Tennessee, the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman, did a GREAT job in passing Budget, setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott. rgdU9plvFK
It is now commonly agreed, after many months of COSTLY looking, that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump. Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released. In the end there will be great transparency. It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. You and your beautiful song have made such a difference. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good luck to @Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan, @GOPLeader, @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday. Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @foxandfriends. Really great job and show!
Wacky ; totally unhinged Tom Steyer, who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning, never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic ; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. iAZjqGMwav mZI5uQN4oZ
Effective today, my administration officially declared the #OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law. YosOBurdCw
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia. His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy #'s around, and fast. Strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage!
RT @seanhannity: BOOM!!  Tick Tock 8E2Lvj3TTa
Will be another Sean success! SlNTENvJLA
RT @PChowka: Fox News With Hannity's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report ICDMCZregu…
Together, we will Make America Great Again!\n#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 ajiC3flNkI
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! #TaxReform \nRead more: o3W9bJkz5k JYckXWEmLu
RT @IvankaTrump: Working families need #TaxReform ; the time is now. This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive…
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! 9V9z015kVl
Texas @GovAbbott ; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,\n\nThank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! rBel6IWrJl
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi ; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! uFMonzza7N
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo ; trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! 7AsjAMrSnV
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! CbEwJSQ1A3
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said \"a lot of my colleagues have spoken out.\" Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business ; JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt ; wounded!
\"Clinton campaign ; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President.\" @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today. Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S.
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24, 2017, as United Nations Day” Read more: cyRAQAKhy2 HVD0kLYlBk
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good.
...the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us. People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back. Now we move forward!
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee, ; look how poorly the U.S. has done. He doesn't have a clue as.....
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee, will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
...Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything Trump. Look at his record!
Bob Corker, who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal ; couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee, is now fighting Tax Cuts....
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut. They died in service to our nation. BaQZDA3s2e
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt. La David Johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem, showing total disrespect to our Flag ; Country.  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k). This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays!
It is finally sinking through. 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME. FAKE NEWS, even worse! Lost cred.
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action ; vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
...2nd Amendment, Strong Military, ISIS, historic VA improvement, Supreme Court Justice, Record Stock Market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
...9 months than this Administration. Over 50 Legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security....
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare), but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first.....
Just out, but lightly reported: \"Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market\" Lowest since March 1973. @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did. Facebook was on her side, not mine!
Keep hearing about \"tiny\" amount of money spent on Facebook ads. What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC ; CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited \"Dossier\" plead the Fifth. Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it.
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” 2eoYXJB7h0
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election. Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on! Pdg7VqQv6M
RT @IamVicky4Trump: TUNE IN: Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump H5VuJwy78o
Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out, \"A Place Called Heaven,\" by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today: 9czcJDbmVW s3kXpvbYih
Today, it was an honor to have @UN\nSecretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse. Speaking for the U.S.A., we appreciate all you do! Sk0Jcazzxw
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends. Agree! 8cZLdAbgzw
Just out report: \"United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror.\" Not good, we must keep America safe!
....This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform), which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night, 51 to 49. We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against.....
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people! #TaxReform aBzQR7KR0c
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for #VegasStrong. Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D), who was SECRETLY on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work. I am with you 100%!\n\n\"ISIS is losing its grip...\"\nArmy Colonel Ryan Dillon\nCJTF–OIR\njVGuvv5mzm PSCXg38CtS
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of #PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @WhiteHouse today. We are with you! #PRStrong Op2xDZxvNc
RT @USArmy333: @804StreetMedia  He’s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
.@foxandfriends \"Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation\"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th. Who paid for it, Russia, the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia, with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge, is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts. I think we have the votes, but who knows?
\"46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump ; his Administration.\" @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
.@DanaPerino ; @BradThor,\nThank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA AKWlsMsCVH
\"20,000📈21,000📈22,000📈 23,000📈this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year...\" \n#Dow23K #MAGA GQ5f2eVvEI
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA🇺🇸 kyv866prdE
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
\"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits..\"\nAmb. @NikkiHaley xvHgx7d1cT
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform ge4Xic9fId
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! YaoPbaVI5L
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers ; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: qXyiYiFWCO NGIjJOc3TP
I am supportive of Lamar as a person ; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. 🎥rmAzGt8SuG SrPavwrt2R
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry ; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! HI30nojsGo
WOW! eKfRktNVuy
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! arFNO80zmO
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a \"product\" that never had a chance of working.
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers. Only place worse may be @NBCNews, @CBSNews, @ABC and @CNN. Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! 🎥Bn1vM6fYW9 📸j0roMFT3YL MPe5HWFcZ1
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece. ➡️Bn1vM6fYW9 dZB4mDBKpi
\"Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time, Fueled by Strong Earnings\"\n#Dow23K📈wnkrddYlb9 wlP0NCNcou
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
RT @Scavino45: U.S. MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY {Since 11/8/2016} 📈 HtjHrznQKJ
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina. Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport! maO9Nc0sTe
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was, \"I hope so!\"
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also, record business enthusiasm.
Since Election Day on November 8, the Stock Market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low ; companies are coming back to U.S.
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama, but now that I am involved, he is OK with it. Tell that to Israel, Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
RT @ABCNewsRadio: Global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations jUmsY3ON4x https://t.co…
RT @mike_pence: .@EdWGillespie is fighting to grow the economy ; cut taxes! He’s fighting for a safer VA. And he’s is fighting for affordab…
...approvals of The Keystone XL ; Dakota Access pipelines. Also, look at the recent EPA cancelations ; our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes, in a story by Peter Baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP ; The Paris Accord ; the fast....
RT @FoxNews: TONIGHT on \"Justice,\" @JudgeJeanine talks to special guests @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe…
RT @EricTrump: .@LaraLeaTrump and I look forward to being on @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm! @FoxNews #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t…
RT @mike_pence: We are heading to Virginia. Looking forward to supporting my friend @EdWGillespie. He will make a great Governor for the Co…
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare. Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years, plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
RT : \"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004\"\n📈RvxCPAFI2A U8MS9K45fX
RT @RightlyNews:  @LouDobbs Trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of U.S. history. The American people see throu…
RT @RightlyNews:  @LouDobbs It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election.
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs. \"We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history.\"
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. It is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums ; deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits, under the guise of ObamaCare, is over. They have made a fortune.\nDems must get smart ; deal!
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders. I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts.
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 riqEiBNwk2
Today, I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. N4ISdjuEdC
\"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004\"\n📈RvxCPAFI2A U8MS9K45fX
In America, we don't worship government - we worship God. \n#ValuesVotersSummit YQ3iDlWylK
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief. HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @USNavy!\n#242NavyBday qcdB4U8CqA
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the H's. I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats, who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess. Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly, they and others are Fake News, and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 8B8AyA7V1s
RT @billoreilly: A free press is vital to protecting all Americans. A corrupt press damages the Republic.
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding. Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY, to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES, and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform FEjGjT4xp9
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Happy #NationalFarmersDay!\n📸dN39R1IMlA QbUG1pztaI
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES ; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA, GROW in AMERICA, and HIRE in AMERICA! DdI1yWi7YZ
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access, INCREASE choices, and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! \n➡️mz5fdveTVh dDZLsKuNSe
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military ; the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
...accountability say the Governor. Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. Congress to decide how much to spend....
\"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making.\" says Sharyl Attkisson. A total lack of.....
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. Have a great day!
RT : I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
In even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love. #USA🇺🇸 8JK8aM2a1L
RT : I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Network news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked. Not fair to public!
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! RCfiJus5Rw
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families ; that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America🇺🇸 u9ZgijgLE3
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! \n#TaxReform #USA🇺🇸\nfDUEMpRTcE 1mMjl1HNpl
RT : Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to l…
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a \"tenfold\" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases ; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history ; the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!\nqyT4bcHVuR rBwGmhMnPX
RT @IsraelUSAforevr:   dBvwKDdesD
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation. Was made to sound a fool, and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author, Christopher Bedford, just came out with book, \"The Art of the Donald, Lessons from America's....\" Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike, it is no wonder ESPN ratings have \"tanked,\" in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for U.S.A.
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem, Flag and Country? Change tax law!
RT @IvankaTrump: . stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years 5WlZa82Mij
We have just begun! x8pSdEB2Ur
A big salute to Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys, who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag.\"Stand for Anthem or sit for game!\"
\"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9, 2017, as #ColumbusDay\" cbQRst4lN4
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned. He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars ; getting nothing. Policy didn't work!
\"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters.....\"   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for #PuertoRico with so little appreciation. So much work! k2jAkIpfjI
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, ; that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!
RT @opinionsamerica:  Strong administration leads to a strong response.
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate. Military helping. Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen.
...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!
..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said \"NO THANKS.\" He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker \"begged\" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said \"NO\" and he dropped out (said he could not win without...
#LasVegasStrong #USA🇺🇸\n🎥4iGwdL4kia
RT : More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the…
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina. Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support! iqUM1RfQso
...hasn't worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of U.S. negotiators. Sorry, but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paid......
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN. Enjoy! Y5hGPpYZfl
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for #HurricaneNate. Everyone in LA, MS, AL, and FL please listen to your local authorities ; be safe!
.@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. The good news is that the PEOPLE get it, which is really all that matters! Not #1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on T.V. when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very \"unfunny\" ; repetitive material, always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
...contributions. The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors. I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. It discusses the enthusiasm of \"Trump\" voters through campaign....
RT @FoxBusiness: #StockAlert: U.S. markets since the election 1kwamJuizO
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS  in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President ; First L…
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs ; sanctuary cities.  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign. This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews. Low news and reporting standards. No verification from me.
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you! YMuqSvvTSB
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who I will never forget!
RT @ABC: Pres. Trump: \"We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror.\" eduBJDysI…
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS ; @FLOTUS w/ @LVMPD Officer Cook, 2nd day on job, received gunshot wound to the right chest ; right arm, saving live…
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS  and @FLOTUS Melania visit with @UMCSN patient Tiffany Huizarin Las Vegas earlier today. #VegasStron…
RT @FoxNews: Geraldo Blasts 'Fake News' Reports About Trump's Visit to Puerto Rico 9jO0D3BMvE
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION, THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night. ZxuMYWnNHv
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! nxRWeR1gEz
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello ; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 1aL9YrwTvC
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS and @FLOTUS meet w/ some of America's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR. sR3Jd6rvNK
RT @seanhannity: Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today. We will name names. 9 est Hannity Fox…
RT @IvankaTrump: 3/4: This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve ; their families who make it possible through their love a…
RT @billoreilly: FNC dominated ratings last night. MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network. rryWmyXe7C toni…
RT @Jenniffer2012: Thank you  for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico. We’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
It is a \"miracle\" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of @FEMA, Military, and First Responders! Thank you! kWVMqVelri
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Responders. AtBGEpDF9C
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. dBvZUIUfr0
I am so proud of our great Country. God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!
Congratulations to #TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great @PresidentsCup victory! fZeP1e9mo7
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now? Clinton failed, Bush failed, and Obama failed. I won't fail.
...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...
...for safety. Thank you to the Governor of P.R. and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders. Fantastic job!
...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military. All buildings now inspected.....
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico. Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates,...
RT @SLandinSoCal: When you kneel for our #NationalAnthem, you aren't protesting a specific issue, you are protesting our Nation and EVERYTH…
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! #StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 czutyGaMQV
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race,FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race, Fake News always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after Election!
Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 1ltW2t3rwy
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist ; support the people in their time of great need.
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor. Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster.
@ricardorossello ......#FakeNews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! \n#PRStrong🇵🇷
My Administration, Governor @RicardoRossello, and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way...
To the people of Puerto Rico:\nDo not believe the #FakeNews!\n#PRStrong🇵🇷
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico, Ricardo Rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems, an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico. Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's. Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania. Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands (people working hard).
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to \"get Trump.\" Not fair to FR or effort!
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse. By talking about it, we can start to make a real diffe…
RT @DeptofDefense: VIDEO: Elements of the #DoD and @FEMA are providing humanitarian relief for #PuertoRico 🇵🇷  and #USVI 🇻🇮 . …
RT @usairforce: ⚡️ “#AirForce relief efforts in #PuertoRico ; #VirginIslands”\n\ngonmsZusSe
RT @USCGSoutheast: .@USCG crews worked together with the @RedCross, @fema, and members of local #police, #fire and #government to distribut…
The military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc., have done an amazing job. Puerto Rico was totally destroyed.
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They....
The Mayor of San Juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump.
RT @Scavino45: #USNSComfort en route to #PuertoRico, from Norfolk, Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts. 🇺🇸🇵🇷 HW…
RT @Scavino45: Under POTUS'  \n☑️S;P 500 38th📈Record High \n☑️NASDAQ 44th📈Record High\n☑️#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸 https://t.co…
RT @Scavino45: \"Manufacturer Optimism Hits Record High After #TaxReform Plan Revealed\" RbVmEe4sqq
RT @Scavino45: POTUS'  on Hurricane Response Efforts in #PuertoRico on Instagram, part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address.\n🎥https://…
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @SeanHannity! Looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmET  Hannity beats Maddow - POLITICO https:/…
RT @FoxNews: TUNE IN: @EricTrump joins @seanhannity TONIGHT at 9p ET on @FoxNews Channel! #Hannityat9 foDzkcAKJe
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst- @KellyannePolls: The Middle Class ; businesses will benefit from @POTUS' historic tax revolution. #Dobbs #MAGA…
@IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers, for all you do 24/7/365! #LESM XFqxbMBEbP
Join me for my #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸\nQeeKnFuHue NnM2jOkEs0
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year. 0LuZCZl29D
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM. An honor to be with you today. Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #TaxReform 4sgMWGotOF
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future. 9s1ggeIJJ5
RECORD HIGH FOR S ; P 500!
Thank you to FEMA, our great Military ; all First Responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in Puerto Rico. See you Tuesday!
...The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: \"The Administration and the President, every time we've spoken, they've delivered......
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. Many people thought it would be years before that happened. We have just begun!
RT @GOPChairwoman: The Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes. \nhttps://t.co…
Puerto Rico is devastated. Phone system, electric grid many roads, gone. FEMA and First Responders are amazing. Governor said \"great job!\"
RT @billoreilly: Hannity crushing MSNBC at 9. Good for him! Check the No Spin News on rryWmyXe7C. Killing England a huge bests…
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need. #PuertoRico #HurricaneMaria ht…
...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday. Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA ; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico. Massive food ; water delivered. Docks ; electric grid dead. Locals trying....
Welcome back @SteveScalise!\n#TeamScalise CoRed8rfL2
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot. Large numbers of generators are now on Island. Food and water on site.
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill.
It is time to take care of OUR people, to rebuild OUR NATION, and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS! #TaxReform #USA🇺🇸 LsZvHg3got
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed ; grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, ; one American family. #TaxReform rtLWANJjIQ
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Dy9UwhkWHL
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) ; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital ; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back ; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back ; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 zkenuAP9RS
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then ; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families. Keep up the GREAT work! #USA🇺🇸 s7KhlSMEqY
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain. Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #NoKo regime. 43U4T34JgF
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. 🇺🇸🇪🇸 5mT0QXFlnL
America's hearts ; prayers are with the people of #PuertoRico ; the #USVI. We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER! NcmsF4Fqpr
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! #USA🇺🇸
RT @ricardorossello: Briefed @POTUS  in #SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response ; commitment to o…
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today! #USA🇺🇸 nWnX9CDP0d
ALABAMA, get out and vote for Luther Strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #MAGA
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations. The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz, the Mayor of San Juan, for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard. Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017. Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea.
Luther Strange has been shooting up in the Alabama polls since my endorsement. Finish the job - vote today for \"Big Luther.\"
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made-we all love our country!
...But while Dallas dropped to it knees as a team, they ALL stood up for our National Anthem. Big progress being made - we love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night, when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest I have ever heard. Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
Big election tomorrow in the Great State of Alabama. Vote for Senator Luther Strange, tough on crime ; border - will never let you down!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing ; Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! t9cXG2Io86
...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #FEMA
...It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars....
Texas ; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure ; massive debt, is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.\n#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
.@CNN is #FakeNews. Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG, ANTHEM, COUNTRY. Total lie!
RT @jayMAGA45: NFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002. He was killed in action 2004. He fought 4our country/freedom. #StandForOurAnt…
#StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. Important meetings taking place today. Big tax cuts ; reform.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority. We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.\nKJ886okyfC
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy!
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal ; Replace and some Senators not there.
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @DonnaWR8:  I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our #Anthem?…
RT @DonnaWR8:  You can boycott our anthem \n\nWE CAN BOYCOTT YOU! \n\n#NFL #MAGA ryYzZnXjXE
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony. Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country. Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable. Bad ratings!
...NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country. League should back U.S.
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag ; Country, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a \"moment of courage.\" Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived. 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS.) She is a truly great representative for our country! yFv0WIjgby
...our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect....
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama. What great people, what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday.
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare, worst in the country. Deductibles high, people angry! Lisa M comes through.
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do. Better control ;  management. Great for Arizona. McCain let his best friend L.G. down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal ; Replace. Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now, big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights. Fantastic job!
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA miT2Lj7Q90
Will be in Alabama tonight. Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close. He loves Alabama, and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media \"screaming\" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
RT @DonnaWR8: .@POTUS #TRUMP🇺🇸 ; @FLOTUS🌺\n\nWhen ALL seemed HOPELESS...YOU brought HOPE!\n\nYou INSPIRE us ALL!\n\n#MAGA #Harvey @Scavino45 #USA…
RT @TwitterData: These are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of #UNGA General Debate HhlOlNAkDJ
Thank you! hlz48RLkIf
Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as \"the Republican who saved ObamaCare.\"
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago. Now a close runoff. He will be great in D.C.
Today, I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea. We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #NoKo. igjOSM7N7h
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea.\nStay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷#UNGA 7xYDO5ddUm
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today. #UNGA\n🎥UKOMUj0ZuL GpkERy8WiP
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! #USAatUNGA #UNGA HOEVfnMn14
Governor @RicardoRossello- \nWe are with you and the people of Puerto Rico. Stay safe! #PRStrong
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care), he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther. He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal ; Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like \"Big\" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders ; trade, loves Vets ; Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. m4VWxYvONx iYG1G8GaLN
RT @VP: Went to the Senate today to say @POTUS ; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare. Let's get this done. http…
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges ; opportunities facing our nations today. AbnBJtKCAI
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority ; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. 4E8awDkX93
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴 6tYDHswKa3
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting \"Big\" Luther Strange because he was so loyal ; helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal ; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
RT @Franklin_Graham: Join me in praying for @POTUS. He reminded the world, “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil…
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
RT @RealEagleBites:  It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
The world is noticing, thanks! 2NL6SlWnmH
RT @DonnaWR8:  Thank you @POTUS for believing in Us like we believed in you! #MAGA C476SHWd0m
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: \"The Iran deal was one of the worst ; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into.\"\n@POTUS @realDona…
RT @Scavino45: #WeThePeople🇺🇸\n#USAatUNGA #UNGA 8VsFL9MZxx
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS  and @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting. #USA…
Thank you Jacob! Wjjrv6KTVT
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the \"DEPLORABLES.\"
So nice, thank you! Cg4dzHhbrv
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN...\n🎥tx5SnACAaS
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations.\n#USAatUNGA🇺🇸#UNGA\n1maJwRGa3d 6Hu3AeUp58
God bless the people of Mexico City. We are with you and will be there for you.
As President of the United States of America, I will ALWAYS put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸#UNGA\nFull remarks: ksaMsQ2Lhm XrtpAWwuCn
The🇺🇸has great strength ; patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy #NoKo. P4vAanXvgm
RT @IvankaTrump: I have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Minister @SushmaSwaraj, and it was an honor to meet her…
Big day at the United Nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening. We have a great team. Big speech at 10:00 A.M.
#USAatUNGA🇺🇸 #UNGA MjIJ7HG3eU
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela, and we want it to happen very, very soon! bMJDOtAesl
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA HnxDDU5d5F
Such an honor to have my good friend, Israel PM @Netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon. #UNGA YEHWjdtQx8 jwU4e8Yk8A
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly. Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres ; his call for the UN to focus more on people ; less on bureaucracy. #USAatUNGA #UNGA KVvCMznmcN UQn6RrC9Xw
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! CU3gOZMf7J
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! snkXO40vXM
RT : Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…
RT : The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be…
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today. Military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it. #MAGA
RT @markets: What Is Trump worth to Twitter? One analyst estimates $2 billion knniVpqr35 djkZiRk5nL
My great honor! x25T9tQAnI
RT @Fuctupmind:  Donald Trump's amazing golf swing #CrookedHillary vKhxxFCBV1
RT @Team_Trump45:   Vu56q4z2XJ
RT @Team_Trump45:   MOnPkuKxQM
RT @Team_Trump45:   1zo6zc2pxt
RT @glamourizes:  Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great. He's the only person who can! H…
RT @Team_Trump45:   dw0zKYtyfT
RT @dmartosko: This is the #NYTimes. Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them? LRJKtFNgM4
Thank you! vs4MNwXtei
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night. Asked him how Rocket Man is doing. Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville, Alabama, on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate. \"Big Luther\" is a great guy who gets things done!
Attorney General Bill Shuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan. I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help!
A great deal of good things happening for our country. Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs, and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful. Thank you for keeping America PROUD, STRONG and FREE! DYxkh3gj0R
We will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont: SYBRshx89b sIiAuxL3OE
Our hearts ; prayers go out to the people of London, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... Q2hTBV2l5t
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.\nProclamation: 4xBZGjAGj5 yZTr7rlpTV
Frank “FX” Giaccio-\nOn behalf of @FLOTUS Melania ; myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! 135DxuapUI
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 MsaLA9POAt
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive ; nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off ; use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard. Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate, Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51. Can't get votes, END NOW!
FLORIDA-\nJust like TX, WE are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, ; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to RESTORE, RECOVER, ; REBUILD! phRMudujxJ
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!\n\nEmergency Information \n1-800-342-3557\nzbWkR5VmDp\n\nVolunteer \n1-800-FL-HELP-1\nghkbVajBN0 2Jj85weO1U
...I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country ; its people.
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. ; its people...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site.
Just left Florida for D.C. The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable. Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA etc. A real disaster, much work to do!
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
The WALL, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built.
No deal was made last night on DACA. Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. Would be subject to vote.
The \"deplorables\" came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear. She spent big money but, in the end, had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15%. We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders ; others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut ; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @WhiteHouse today! 3pWrBOh8dG
Congratulations to Eric ; Lara on the birth of their son, Eric \"Luke\" Trump this morning! Aw0AV82XdE
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me ; have zero access. #FAKE NEWS!
RT @LouDobbs: Making America Great Again- @Kellyannepolls: After #Irma @POTUS is focused on saving lives, not swamp shenanigans. #Dobbs #MA…
May God Forever Bless the United States of America. #NeverForget911 erycJgj23r
#NeverForget rmQ1a5bDon
RT @Scavino45: Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys. 390 shelters have been opened in Florida. Shelters near you➡️lL5pDP0N9D…
RT @SecretarySonny: Serious @Cabinet meeting today, called by @POTUS at Camp David. Reports on #Irma's track, potential impact, fed ; state…
RT @TravelGov: Continue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by #HurricaneIrma ; #HurricaneJose. EuIpTB144z https://t…
RT @KellyannePolls: Love and prayers for friends Adrienne ; Eric Bolling. \n\nMay Eric Chase know eternal peace. rtoCsVpPGy
RT @NYPDnews: Many supported NYers when Sandy hit. Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey ; #HurricaneIrma. Here…
RT @seanhannity: @ericbolling To my dear friend, please know we all love you, will be here for you and your family.
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great pic from a friend on @CBPflorida @CustomsBorder who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma. T…
RT @Scavino45: Florida Governor Rick @FLGovScott. #HurricaineIrma ch3wx9HDMj
RT @EricTrump: Please stay safe #Florida! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 B3998hZyHI
The U.S. Coast Guard, FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready. Here comes Irma. God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!\n\n\"If you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelter...there's not many hours left.\" Gov. Scott 92W8ViNMUK
This is a storm of enormous destructive power, and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials. nJfM2Sdme1
FLORIDA- \nVisit pdBaD9t8SK to find shelters, road closures, ; evacuation routes. Helpful Twitter list: BUMVlxGFe8 ncnuqCeB5K
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others).
A message to my fellow Americans🇺🇸#IrmaHurricane2017\n🎥jyg6AlyAAb\n🎥iPujtHzejr HCQ9kmKc4E
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP. Don't wait until the end of September. Needed now more than ever. Hurry!
...never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs. 51) votes. It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans, sorry, but I've been hearing about Repeal ; Replace for 7 years, didn't happen! Even worse, the Senate Filibuster Rule will....
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey. Irma could be even tougher. We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. Be safe and get out of its way,if possible. Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water. I’m proud to stand with Presidents for #OneAmericaAppeal.
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local ; state officials! AQmawTpZs0
During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab ; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. 8oeAQfIeX8
Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE! aL6In83eWK
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse, Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon: 8T4Nyzlp4Y lfRa4AATaM
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - No action!
RT @GOP: .@IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.\nrHqFqUJGWI
RT @WhiteHouse: The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators. Learn more: w5eMl…
RT @GOP: .@POTUS: I want to work with Congress, Republicans, and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, and pro-Amer…
Thank you, our great honor! StrciEwuWs
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. Be careful, be safe! #FEMA
We want our companies to hire ; grow in AMERICA, to raise wages for AMERICAN workers, ; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities ; towns! #USA🇺🇸 sglubjcbW4
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY, restore OPPORTUNITY, ; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE, then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. 9NzLg2Qzpo
Thank you for joining me in Mandan, ND Gov. @DougBurgum, Lt. Gov. @BrentSanfordND, @SenJohnHoeven, @RepKevinCramer ; @SenatorHeitkamp. 8nIvtHvpu6
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men ; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. \nFull remarks: 🎥uxBpyeERUm fV9R9gJxDS
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands ; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! k92cslgKFa
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'\n\n➡️xSHSyNkvuP\n➡️UbBSFOhMM7\n➡️xWOfp9Z9iR qoJOM54Gy8
RT @VP: .@POTUS is committed to the health ; well-being of the US people ; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
RT @The_Trump_Train:  Make no mistake, we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST! \n\nThe forgotten men ; w…
I am allowing Japan ; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
RT @DanScavino: 'Trump as Commander in Chief, Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg, a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet: https://…
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands, American labor, American iron, aluminum and steel. Happy #LaborDay! lyvtNfQ5IO
The United States is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea.
I will be meeting General Kelly, General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea. Thank you.
South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success.
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States.....
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives. An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard, #LEOs ; the #CajunNavy! 7PEtSL6RKF
Remember, Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana, where things are going well. Such cooperation ; coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
RT @Team_Trump45:   o1x6X2qQdM
RT @ColumbiaBugle:  @FLOTUS President Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey. #TexasStrong 5Ga3d…
RT @ColumbiaBugle:  Love our @FLOTUS! 6LT9mLAJ86
Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!\n\nGOD BLESS TEXAS ; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 1rzmEenQIb
TEXAS: We are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, and REBUILD! p1Fh8jmmFA
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBA_NAFW. We will see you soon. America is with you! z3bHVdJVPr
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania ; myself, THANK YOU for today's update ; GREAT WORK! #SouthernBaptist @SendRelief, @RedCross ; @SalvationArmyUS DLgFNiCxN2
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady. Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House.
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3, 2017, as a National Day of Prayer' #HurricaneHarvey #PrayForTexas shen5JxChQ MpLB7WpxfT
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men ; women who have been working so hard. But still so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
...get things done at a record clip. Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow, looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. A rigged system!
Texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men ; women who have been working so hard. But still, so much to do. Will be back tomorrow!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas. America is with you! #TexasStrong \n8N4ABo9Ihp
RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…
RT @SecShulkin: Our Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help #Veterans impacted by #HurricaneHarvey in Corpus Christi. P3qNX…
First responders have been doing heroic work. Their courage ; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America! I0gvCQLTKO
RT @IvankaTrump: We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy ; achieve the American Dream! #TaxRefo…
Texas ; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, ; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, ; REBUILD! YQb82K2VSB
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror ; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
RT @BrazoriaCounty: sUTyXBzer9
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
RT @TheFive: \"Trump just won on law ; order and now he's delivering the goods.\" -@jessebwatters #thefive
RT @TXMilitary: #PhotosFromTheField: Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today. #Harvey #TMDHarvey @USNationalGuard fA…
RT @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area. If evacuated, please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i…
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans. #HurricaneHarvey lhpJtAne10
RT @Inspire_Us: No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
RT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans. Spar…
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down ; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, and all over Texas. Floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming. Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 A.M. on #Harvey. Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico ; Canada.Both being very difficult,may have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world, we must have THE WALL. Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other.
Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state, Missouri, that I won by a lot in '16. Dem C.M. is opposed to big tax cuts. Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. The focus must be life and safety.
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. Thousands rescued.
A great book by a great guy, highly recommended! 3jbDDN8YmJ
Wonderful coordination between Federal, State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall.
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with #HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! Ds95oSgo8f
Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey from Camp David. We are leaving nothing to chance. City, State and Federal Govs. working great together!
.@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear. We have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #Harvey. So far, so good!
RT @VP: All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting 2H22XpTtPj for critical updates on #Hurric…
RT @EPAScottPruitt: Thoughts and prayers for those in Texas ; Louisiana. I am closely monitoring #Harvey developments along with @fema ; @E…
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe. PJLdxy3hD9
RT @GovAbbott: To ensure your safety ahead of #Harvey heed warnings from local officials ; review important safety information. https://t.c…
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #HurricaneHarvey makes landfall. America is w/ you! @GovAbbott @FEMA @DHSgov PryIqRxgLr
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio. He kept Arizona safe!
RT : At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of go…
At the request of the Governor of Texas, I have signed the Disaster Proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. Federal Government is on site and ready to respond. Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David, where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3). 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey, as it strengthens to a Category 3. BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice ; orders of their local and state officials. N6uEWCZUrv
Received a #HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke, @FEMA_Brock, @TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly. cnkRZd6D6Z
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards. Closely monitoring #HurricaneHarvey developments ; here to assist as needed.
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams, \"Retaking America\"  \"Best things of this presidency aren't reported about. Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever.\"
Few, if any, Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A. Bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, ISIS, SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff. There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H. Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed. 8 Dems control the Senate!
RT @EricTrump: Honored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening! @GOP #MAGA @GOPChairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.c…
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Spoke with Pres. Trump ; heads of Homeland Security ; FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to #HurricaneHarvey. https://t…
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America! 4lJ94nxODu
A great honor to spend time with our brave HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma. THANK YOU for your service to the United Staes of America! FUtGBoTJLo
As #HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to #PlanAhead. \n☑️FMdmvohypy\n☑️YL56ldeqoW \n☑️t1s4AL3B47 tpXmOK70ug
On Tuesday, I visited with the incredible men ; women of @ICEgov ; @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma, AZ. Thank you. We respect ; cherish you! KSQddGqWzJ
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that, after hearing Repeal ; Replace for 7 years, he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
..(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
James Clapper, who famously got caught lying to Congress, is now an authority on Donald Trump. Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong). To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, there was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
...(enthusiastic, dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - V.A. (respectful and strong).To bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. Well, their was Afghanistan (somber), the big Rally.....
RT @JerryTravone:   6XJxEg1gSs
...didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval. Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M ; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A. Bill (which just passed) for easy approval. They...
Donald E. Ballard, on behalf of the people of the United States, THANK YOU for your courageous service. YOU INSPIRE US ALL! #ALConv2017 46m20cJkLB
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement ; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.\n🎥fr2sf9oRvd bICsRm1tQx
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 tsIAgHbFM7
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule ; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime ; border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! RzePiucV3h
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally o7S6xoCBiC
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! Mau0B1qYIP
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: s0D12EFs40 WT4D9Vsen1
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona ; around the United States! tjFx8XjhDz
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls ; everlasting pride in each ; every one of you. God Bless America. 44QYFSq07a
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix, Arizona! #MAGA🇺🇸\nTickets: 2kUQfKqbsx 1w3LVkpESE
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  #USSJohnSMcCain, and their families. t3kD8qj9Mt
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer, Virginia. The future of our country is strong!
Address to the Nation\nFull Video ; Transcript:\nFELdImTuUM 6ly3fNatiX
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer, and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad. #USA🇺🇸 ticezYKkhz
RT @marcorubio: Good #AfghanStrategy ; excellent speech by @POTUS laying it out to the nation.
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. \n➡️LOV4StdJDj
Thank you, the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 8J7y900VGK
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends. The Fake News should listen to what he had to say. Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts ; prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search ; rescue efforts are underway. DQU0zTRXNU
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heal, ; we will heal, ; be stronger than ever before!
Our great country has been divided for decades. Sometimes you need protest in order to heel, ; we will heel, ; be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @Marty_Walsh.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNews...maybe even better than ever before. Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders. Many decisions made, including on Afghanistan.
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service. He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!\n#LESM
Today, I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (#HR873.) The bill authorizes....cont➡️c3zIkdtowc re6n0MS0cj
Just returned to Bedminster, NJ from Camp David. GREAT meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military! #MAGA🇺🇸 Hjmcnnse9j
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on....cont: 3iScfuMw9s
RT @hughhewitt:  I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers. Support f…
RT @hughhewitt: #NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that  supporters are deserting.…
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security, the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever).
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights. Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult. They use the courts and associated delay at all times. Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert ; closely watching for any sign of trouble. Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught. There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona, Spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help. Be tough ; strong, we love you!
...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
...can't change history, but you can learn from it. Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson - who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish! Also...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. You.....
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business. Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is. They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!
...and people like Ms. Heyer. Such a disgusting lie. He just can't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis ; white supremacists......
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks: Kz2EsQ3f1v vD3BB3hyti
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday, August 22nd in Phoenix, Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at: 2kUQfKqbsx 5ua74dlVtq
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. oMUIZ8X7oB
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥6EQfmRzrnv
RT @JacobAWohl:  President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market, Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council ; Strategy ; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall ; Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: \"Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! QEjLzzGjDk
Congratulations John! vhmv7Qoutk
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea  clearly, unambiguously ; repeatedly condemned the bigotry ; violence in Ch…
RT @CLewandowski_: Please watch @foxandfriends today at 7:30 AM to watch me discuss .
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council, I have many to take their place. Grandstanders should not have gone on. JOBS!
Big day in Alabama. Vote for Luther Strange, he will be great!
RT @MikeHolden42: @foxandfriends  He's a fascist, so not unusual.
RT @SLandinSoCal: @foxandfriends  Nothing can stop the #TrumpTrain‼️ PprEMbiZQa
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio Rgw8l7i9Xl
@foxandfriends According to report just out, President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange, who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. Tough on crime, borders etc.
RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend, 9 deaths. No national media outrage. Why is that? 9Crutnnrp8
Feels good to be home after seven months, but the White House is very special, there is no place like it... and the U.S. is really my home!
RT @foxandfriends: Sec. Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US, it's 'game on' CfPL9u2I2G
RT @FiIibuster:  We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first. Thank you, President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade.
Big day in Washington, D.C., even though White House ; Oval Office are being renovated. Great trade deals coming for American workers!
.@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher ; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back ; LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border ; Wall, the military, tax cuts ; law enforcement.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA
RT @axios: The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville bkqmQENipV
RT @FoxNews: .@AlanDersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea 0w1L01EL0q 9Q3FYUmNy1
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’ ESwleDjwuB 2UwKmzJtPY
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts ; prayers are with the families, friends ; colleagues of #Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt Cullen ; Tpr Bates #Charlot…
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families ; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today. You're all among the best this nation produces.
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed. We are ready, willing and able. mCTYBgUePi
We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. FesMiQSKKn
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.\n#Charlottesville DB22fgnu6L
Join me live from Bedminster, New Jersey: P3cRVvE0cY
Am in Bedminster for meetings ; press conference on V.A. ; all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united ; condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster, New Jersey. 🎥v5O8GglOIK H1Zi5XRKEo
As promised on the campaign trail, we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed ; thrive as the economy grows! ZycW4PPcU5
\"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism\" via Bloomberg X6KdszrxsS
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... tyqbvvmBn4
RT @PacificCommand: #USAF B-1B Lancer #bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK’s #FightTonight mission if called upon to do so https://…
Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely.  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
RT @foxandfriends: Trump fires new warning shot at McConnell, leaves door open on whether he should step down tJIRc0usWl
RT @foxandfriends: Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump wq8Im1cHpy
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab MqrY7zbMy2
\"Trump approval rebounds to 45%, surges among Hispanics, union homes, men\" vvJMDv9Gjl
.@IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally.\n#GES2017 @narendramodi
Mitch, get back to work and put Repeal ; Replace, Tax Reform ; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing. You can do it!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un “he is grossly…
RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? #ObamaDay
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell, who has screamed Repeal ; Replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done. Must Repeal ; Replace ObamaCare!
RT @markets: U.S. job openings surge to record 3CPH78Sfvw via @ShoChandra JFhQ7HFN69
RT @TheFive: \"@POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset, North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do.\"- @jessebwatters
RT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country ; civilians are vulnerable today because @BarackObama did not believe in national missile defense. Let’s nev…
#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 Fkq2gJQOKk
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had \"excessive expectations,\" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal ; Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with \"fire ; fury\" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured\n\nbm7gevcQi2
RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat od7Ohr51XD
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents yGAq4IgHOs
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight' E4EGIyNSHP
RT @TheFive: \"Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report.\"-@jessebwatters #thefive
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office. zD0FkFvHVx
After 200 days, rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane.
After many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea. We must be tough ; decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported 27kLJKRX…
RT @foxandfriends: Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada d0CxeHQKwz
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat BPFXsLffgy
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources), remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea!
RT : On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 htt…
On #PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! #USA🇺🇸 QmfdLSLp6p
...conquests, how brave he was, and it was all a lie. He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. Now he judges collusion?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal. He told stories about his Vietnam battles and....
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation. Going to New York next week for more meetings.
Hard to believe that with 24/7 #Fake News on CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, NYTIMES ; WAPO, the Trump base is getting stronger!
... Supreme Court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation ; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together. Will never change!
...and West Virginia. The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story, record Stock Market, border security, military strength, jobs.....
The Trump base is far bigger ;  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling). Look at rallies in Penn, Iowa, Ohio.......
The failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized), is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea. Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions.
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: S.C., surging economy ; jobs,border ; military security,ISIS ; MS-13 etc.
RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce. Thanks Kim for sharing your story! https:…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! g4ELhh9joH
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea. Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K.
Thank you Nicole! KlWN05uFOx
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington, it is great to see the A.G. taking action! For National Security, the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea. China and Russia voted with us. Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster, N.J., as long planned construction is being done at the White House. This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
RT @RightlyNews: \"What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?\" \n-@jessebwatters on t…
\"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated\"\njNtOTh0moL
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 4kTc6Om308
RT @FoxNews: More than 1 million jobs added since @POTUS took office. ZVsC9oi9Ds NNL1FwNMLU
RT @IvankaTrump: Since  inauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! #MAGA
RT @dcexaminer: Emails show Washington Post, New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting PKSL…
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state ; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. Preparedness is an investment in our future! e4rbchY3zM
No matter the mission, the brave men ; women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365. THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #CG227🇺🇸 GY555t0vzN
RT @paultdove: @FoxBusiness Republican Senators who are opposing the President, look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!
RT @Bet22325450ste: @FoxBusiness @foxandfriends Come on America. Get on the Trump Train. The winners already have boarded! The losers are w…
RT @FoxBusiness: #BreakingNews: U.S. employers added 209,000 jobs in July, unemployment rate down to 4.3% #JobsReport mWaTLMg1…
RT @foxandfriends: .@JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member…
RT @RealJamesWoods: I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.…
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night. Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, GDP at 3%, wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night.
RT @Team_Trump45:  We won. Move on. YnUKMoyegB
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. Much more regulation \"busting\" to come. Working hard on tax cuts ; reform!
....and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin.
Toyota ; Mazda to build a new $1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs. A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country, Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! thRh7htVbH
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE. Massive crowd expected - tune in! #MAGA🇺🇸
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere, using #VAVideoConnect - available at: WFFHLWn8nF. Dmq4htSps9
Today, I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS! #USA LexSINeM1J
See you tonight Huntington, West Virginia!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸\nTickets: ERU0xUWdCr obtDsdV94t
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time ; very dangerous  low. You can thank Congress, the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business ; jobs will grow.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen!
RT @JacobAWohl:  The #MAGA great again movement is WINNING, and the left-wing media can't stand it!
RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans YrUwvMKlyb
I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers ; taxpayers. Watch: lv3ScSKnF6 #RAISEAct zCFK5OfYnB
\"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome\"\nnqiZ8h8ajk
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above ; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, ; OUR FREEDOM! YS6y1WR30G
Small business owners are the DREAMERS ; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!\nRead more and watch here: hZE3fUqKDf TJn5x6HrFG
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people). Only way for me to get the truth out!
\"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now.\" Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar,watch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22,000 today. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
RT @foxandfriends: .@Suffolk_Sheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority uNY7jBhleE
Highest Stock Market EVER, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, S.C.: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people, ; it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies ; why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal ; Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines ; more.
...they do NOTHING for us with North Korea, just talk. We will no longer allow this to continue. China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China. Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yet...
I love reading about all of the \"geniuses\" who were so instrumental in my election success. Problem is, most don't exist. #Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters, Repeal ; Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of \"talking\" Repeal ; Replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
....8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate. Many great Republican bills will never pass, like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare. Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
The very outdated filibuster rule must go. Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate. Mitch M, go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN. IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party, allows 8 Dems to control country. 200 Bills sit in Senate. A JOKE!
In other words, Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not, I want strong military ; low oil prices. Witch Hunt! mMSxj4Su5z
We will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay: dcZxPKOPZ9 0NGiIhGY18
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country. We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
...and a Great Leader. John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security. He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff. He is a Great American....
Departing for Long Island now. An area under siege from #MS13 gang members. We will not rest until #MS13 is eradicated. #LESM GsgbBUXyHS
We will always ENFORCE our laws, PROTECT our borders, and SUPPORT our police! #LESM\nHarrisburg, Pennsylvania \n#FlashbackFriday #MS13 79Tskiv69j
...Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60. So many great future bills ; budgets need 60 votes....
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 60...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let ObamaCare implode, then deal. Watch!
Go Republican Senators, Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years. Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES! j7ceXuBZ3f
Today, we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria, VA. it52TkLsye
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise. #TeamScalise qOolNmB65d 6OCn9JfMAG
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
...about then candidate Trump.\" Catherine Herridge @FoxNews. So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting.
\"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information.....
RT @townhallcom: ABC, NBC, And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office PjbZ2TGIKb
Come on Republican Senators, you can do it on Healthcare. After 7 years, this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends \"....the most powerful T.V. show in America.\"
Thank you Foxconn, for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸 jJghVeb63s
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: Pb5FTTOyWf U6tfV93dDG
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥jIejSgVnnA
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. John McCain making his return to the Senate ahead of health care vote VuojpRpcLM
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! KM0zoaULYH
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! RxobYHP1oR
Just arrived in Youngstown, Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸\n🎥A1mrxSksR3 jWX9yBlX8z
.@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote. Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly. Join us live!\n➡️7pquWbEutn JHVHKgrPOY
\"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom\" JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! LuOaR1Iz2e
The American people have waited long enough. There has been enough talk and no action for seven years. Now is the time for action! VdTiYL0Ua7
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight. Big crowd expected. See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. Could be very big ; exciting. JOBS! The E.U. is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians. Witch Hunt. Next up, 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough. Repeal or Repeal ; Replace! I have pen in hand.
Big day for HealthCare. After 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI ; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails ; DNC server) ; Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - \"quietly working to boost Clinton.\" So where is the investigation A.G. @seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News. They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN. Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad.....
#2017Jambo- Remember your duty. Honor your history. Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE ; CHERISH your country! DnNYxGJm4I
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the #OCareNightmare! \nRemarks: tSvWaMdxBA DI7e78hr6N
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke, and @SecPriceMD..... Yxm94XKtuv
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal ; Replace after years of talking ; campaigning on it.
Sleazy Adam Schiff, the totally biased Congressman looking into \"Russia,\" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes ; Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that \"Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia.\"
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+. S.C.,reg cutting,Stock M, jobs,border etc. = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
RT : As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Dem…
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the #USSGeraldRFord:\n☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸\n☑️Protect her🇺🇸\n☑️Defend her🇺🇸\n☑️LOVE HER🇺🇸\nGood Luck ; Godspeed! shcz5GQkCh
American steel ; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE!\n#USSGeraldRFord #USA Pibf37Eybg
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world. @USNavy #USSGeraldRFord YmiTLXcCEh
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford!\n➡️F78iOR64TW #USA PrVceEmPOB
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction. It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to Repeal and Replace. Next, Tax Reform and Infrastructure. WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the Republican Primaries started, but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media ; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (; acid washed) her 33,000 e-mails!
...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.
So many people are asking why isn't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes. 33,000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, The Gerald R. Ford.  Norfolk, Va.
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post,this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks, like Comey's, must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse. #HonorThem🇺🇸\nRemarks: gySxxqazBl 6IPmbqVi10
Today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #USSArizona to the WH. Remarks: gySxxqazBl\n\ngySxxqazBl ZJaLAfBcv0
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:\na42fNElct1 WHZtcAxhRQ
ICYMI- This week we hosted a #MadeInAmerica event, right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA, it is the BEST! USA🇺🇸 q4vB9GdE5y
\"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER.\" -Stuart @VarneyCo\n🎥s7fYOicWGV x9MeUzDom6
#MadeInAmerica🇺🇸\n📸39dwlGHI7R VfIrc5Xssx
Billions of dollars in investments ; thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning, Merck ; Pfizer: QneN48bSiq 5VtMfuY3PM
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in America. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 NOnhJyWp4J
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence, Secretary James Mattis, and our great teams. #MAGA🇺🇸 5d1MSzhjQS
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. Get well soon. \nfONWVlmYyz
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, ; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
RT @FoxNews: U.S. Markets since election. rlWSt30GUd
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is \"sick.\" All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. Even parts of full Repeal need 60. 8 Dems control Senate. Crazy!
With only a very small majority, the Republicans in the House ; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct, no votes!
As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific ; worked really hard. We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now ; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate. Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
Heading back to Washington, D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸
I am at the @USGA  #USWomensOpen. An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The #USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe. Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. Congratulations! yTnMwSh1Kg
The ABC/Washington Post Poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources ; highly slanted ; even fraudulent reporting, #Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign.
Thank you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the Women's U.S. Open. Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate ; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the @USGA #USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! 2oWyptgfIY
Just got to the #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, New Jersey. People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 3eYF3nir4B
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER. #WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 xjVDkgo1NK
Will be at the Women's U.S. Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA #USWomensOpen in Bedminster, NJ tomorrow. Big crowds expected ; the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces. A grateful nation thanks you! wERNV7J4oO
President @EmmanuelMacron,\nThank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet KZjJQOo0H1
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the\n#USWomensOpen, their most important tournament, this afternoon.
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade, military and security.
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 7irbz08oT3
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent #BastilleDay parade. Congratulations President @EmmanuelMacron! 1J4vZiy98y
.@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people.
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare, Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators, under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved. After 7yrs of O'Care disaster, must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved. I will be at my desk, pen in hand!
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron ; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. ib1pdUYoEU
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. IOSoC0MdPv
President @EmmanuelMacron,\nThank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! RKir1GcRrB
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families. ZSdsJ0Bsbl
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania. knULGOQF1K
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border ; save lives. Now the full House ; Senate must act! ➡️TTg7lvBdo2 xhiknXko70
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 HScS4Y9ZJK
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸 Vwxsb2vWGe
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate ; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
\"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.\" gDGgejqFMs
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform ; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states \"Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.\"
ISIS is on the run ; will soon be wiped out of Syria ; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) ; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill wBjha8ldeK
Remember, when you hear the words \"sources say\" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
RT @FoxNews: .@jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney: \"I believe Don Jr. is the victim here.\" #TheFive https://t.c…
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: U.S. flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska gdpnc6a…
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking. Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (L.A.). Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees. They  can't win so all they do is slow things down ; obstruct!
RT @foxandfriends: SEN. CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed. We should work every day until it is don…
RT @foxandfriends: White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees O6Rsx5i2CZ
RT @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia nVWLb…
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows. BfSP…
RT @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a \"matte…
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!
RT @foxandfriends: Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information Hkg4cAb6o9
RT @foxandfriends: .@carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public. They've failed to represent ha…
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a #RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #Obama and the #Democrat cabal.  @realD…
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire can,; did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
For years, even as a \"civilian,\" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! NVDVRrWLs4
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian ; Syrian problems are solved!
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA ; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER, and were rejected, still don't....
Putin ; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, ; many other negative things, will be guarded..
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
Thank you @SenatorDole, very kind! cXrYiK46Qq
Leaving Hamburg for Washington, D.C. and the WH. Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade ; North Korea.
Law enforcement ; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @PolizeiHamburg #G20Summit
The #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
We will fight the #FakeNews with you! zOMiXTeLJq
Great first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg, Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA bLKgZKQemw
Thank you! \n\n“Trump’s Defining Speech” \nWSJ Editorial: YuDgVfRroR T0R4u4IHDJ
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.\n#G20Summit #USA🇺🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan ; President Moon of South Korea.
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe, and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West, and to the world. vHzPwMtJSm
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! sozuVgdp5T
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland MHxRmVvtsh
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱\n#ICYMI, watch here➡️ COpVXnn8YG #POTUSinPoland ylU3wLZV2H
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ➡️mDhFzDm3ED BcB3wLjILg
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸 9pfqnRsh1Z
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
#HappyIndependenceDay \n#July4 #USA🇺🇸 NsFslPEFrp
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
RT @JacobAWohl:  When Obama was President, the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a…
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs ; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun! Don't like steel ; aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews.
RT @Reince: With a strong candidate in @POTUS ; @GOP revolutionary data program, Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years\nhttps://t.…
If we can help little #CharlieGard, as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope, we would be delighted to do so.
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with ISIS, the border ; so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
America's men ; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION, the STRONG protecting the WEAK, ; G… LtTpGsP3fC
Stock Market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… EwnwCeuGMv
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN WYUnHjjUjg
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in… bTPuerxLOr
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
....the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews, and did. We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE ; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember, I won....
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… shfTAoMJry
Weekly Address🇺🇸 #KatesLaw\n#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct\nStatement: I8cqKGDK2B 00mao6Vk7R
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC ; @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau. #Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… hZCMp5cSJc
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely… MxN04V2Yn4
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers, b… DUZh6aMjJS
Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs ; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene… w5Y7UXZSSD
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs, we will FIND IT, we will DREAM IT, and we will BUILD IT.… m0HmPbUZ6C
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. uPRy9XgK5A
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news, House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
\"Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria\" XL9LLNKh8i
Join me LIVE with @VP, @SecretaryPerry, @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt. \n#UnleashingAmericanEnergy\nhlM7F2BQD9
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!\n\n#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct \n#KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives \n\njbN4hPjqjS
Today, the House votes on two crucial bills:\n☑️#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct \n☑️#KatesLaw \n☑️Pass these bills ; lets… 4N2c0oxMve
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
Tomorrow the House votes on #KatesLaw ; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… p3vd8IXXaD
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… VBoEubD59k
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. necCt4K6UH
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… 5k8WzW1t68
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… GvPhJ9hZdv
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:… 7IIQEh7xXv
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate’s Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' https://…
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well ; want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold, but what about NBC, CBS ; ABC? What about the failing @nytimes ; @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
RT @ericbolling: Good morning friends!  \"The Swamp\" out today.  President Trump has a copy... get yours here TntLPNCCjR. #maga…
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI ld7…
RT @foxandfriends: Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case wdQ9MduxOO
RT @foxandfriends: Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats lvdrpxpcp9
RT @foxandfriends: Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats Qrca7r01BI
RT @JeffTutorials:   6sDcyiW4Kt
Wow, CNN had to retract big story on \"Russia,\" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety, courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people, ; WIN!
From @FoxNews \"Bombshell: In 2016, Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election.\"  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
RT @WhiteHouse: FACT: when #Obamacare was signed, CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100%. Only 10.3M people…
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
RT @WhiteHouse: Today @POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India, @narendramodi, to the White House. MIi1ifmdAN
RT @WhiteHouse: #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American…
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash ; burn!
..under a magnifying glass, they have zero \"tapes\" of T people colluding. There is no collusion ; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
...and did not want to \"rock the boat.\" He didn't \"choke,\" he colluded or obstructed, and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
I am on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they \"choked\" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling, why no action? Focus on them, not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums ; deductibles increase by over 100%. Remember keep your doctor, keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 P1f12i9Gvt
Today, it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law, delivering my campaign promise… G0k8nFWqNj
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills, mostly with no Democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Will be on @foxandfriends. Enjoy!
RT @foxandfriends: POTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012 N3LMDZKTK1
RT @foxnation: .@SenTedCruz: I want to Get to a 'Yes' Vote: g0vafw4ef2
.@FLOTUS ; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening ; tradition. @MarineBand:… h5L4myWmam
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! #TeamScalise Yqf6exhm7x
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 MVJbs44AtR
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember, ObamaCare is dead.
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised, our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. \n\n\"@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation\"\nki41GXeCMy
...whether there are \"tapes\" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey, but I did not make, and do not have, any such recordings.
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, I have no idea...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI, and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way, if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election, it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump ; Russia.
Great night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… n6LS32a6Zn
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews \"Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.\"
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.\n➡️… J1ulOd6pYQ
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi ; China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video: Rvm11ZbPk7
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
RT @SheriffClarke: Happy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father, like son,  supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra…
Democrat Jon Ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district.
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct, no ideas. Vote \"R\"
RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @POTUS  it's an assault on the American people…
RT @FoxNews: New Poll Shows @POTUS Approval at 50 Percent\nFRWlSVvxzQ
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement: 8kmcA6YtFD EhrP4BiJeB
It was my great honor to welcome President @JC_Varela ; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦\n➡️… 770OJj2uYb
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes ; kill healthcare. On Tuesday, #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman, who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and....
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families. ➡️… L3u5c8Iymh
The Dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
Jay Sekulow on @foxandfriends now.
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! 32tFoVa4Ov
Camp David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Not surprising at all! \nFather Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet, Trump Admin Brought Him Home  https…
RT @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia. \n Well, Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice ; S…
The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
...massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new S.C.Justice, and Infrastructure, Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… BBvmTFxVkk
RT @seanhannity: #Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the media
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
\"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba\"\nMemorandum… RVr9Dg2hXt
\"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba\"\nVideo: jUWCjgxX5D\nTranscript:… hILCHbPJet
Great news! #MAGA pirHR7lAyT
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America, the economic ; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations ; committee hearings about my \"collusion with the Russians,\"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
#CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ u8InOJTf6D
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump ; @GovWalker. \nRemarks… L8o396yYKX
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, ; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- ; they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, ; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
RT @TuckerCarlson: .@RichardGrenell :  told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home…
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… k45aci25BT
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 lEJ9S817yb
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up, have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
RT @Corrynmb:  Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with…
Well, as predicted, the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!\nFull ceremony: syJUGoMhHJ\n#NationalChampions🏈 F23NZoX2BI
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and br… b0roksHTFE
Congratulations! \n\n'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' aIRllxNLQA
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.… 7lZGgDJkxZ
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy. All of our work, including the passage of many bills ; regulation killing Executive Orders, now kicking in!
RT @foxandfriends: .@GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony kfeXKdpJGe
RT @foxandfriends: \"Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…
My daughter, Ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
...way up. Regulations way down. 600,000+ new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3%. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16%. #NASDAQ up 19.5%. Drilling ; energy sector...
America is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek… D5TbbjXcN3
Time to start building in our country, with American workers ; with American iron, aluminum ; steel. It is time to… rGZCRyeCMZ
It is time to rebuild OUR country, to bring back OUR jobs, to restore OUR dreams, ; yes, to put #AmericaFirst! TY O… 2b2bXwxGkA
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit.… 5f6cN3HboQ
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday. In America, we don't worship government. We worship God.… 1ds8BrzUQe
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling ; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
RT @AlanDersh: We should stop talking about obstruction of justice. No plausible case. We must distinguish crimes from pol sins https://t.c…
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare ; also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative \n\nWatch➡️IMiZr22gAw
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn… G03W8CEtCS
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay… zhR24dMzYB
...extremism, and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
Sorry folks, but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS, washpost or nytimes, I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne, Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans TsggUEfOO2
That's right, we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Today, I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!\n➡️… NIIorkSRJN
.@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best! \n➡️… RnNp9q7Tdh
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his \"no reason to be alarmed\" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - ; seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is \"no reason to be alarmed!\"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge...
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 DNzRZiKxhd
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸\neJxeVZ3A1r
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 MStWl628xe
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Coming up at 720a ET on @foxandfriends! See you there! 🇺🇸 #maga
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America…
RT @Reince45: Promise kept. @POTUS exits flawed #ParisAccord to seek better deal for U.S. workers ; economy. This WH will always put #Ameri…
RT @GOPLeader: .@POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States. q…
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor…
RT @VP: Our President is choosing to put American jobs, American consumers, American energy, and American industry first. y2Op…
RT @foxandfriends: Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact PDmwj13Lus
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst🇺🇸\n➡️… hL7OwbWzyi
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse.\n\n➡️9VOb99W42r sjb5VHLHYH
The big story is the \"unmasking and surveillance\" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord, Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook ; even Dems ; DNC.
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. 6YbrIvJUCY
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:… FT4kyPoAl0
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal ; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him ; now wants to clear his name by showing \"the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan...\" Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of \"covfefe\" ???  Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
RT @foxandfriends: Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting, source says nF6bM1FEt1
RT @Scavino45: President Trump pays respects and  delivers #MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery. D5rl948J6u
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved, fast and easy. Dems would do it, no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. ; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany, plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO ; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you, God bless your families ; God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, China, by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free, because of the brave. #MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging ; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems ; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems ; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names....
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more, not fair to  U.S.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
....\"we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field.\"
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where....
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
Big G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list, of course, is terrorism. #G7Taormina
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, President Sergio Mattarella.… EhvWgjkRrY
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront ; defeat this evil➡️haeuvCIF6I
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security.
Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania. \n#G7Summit #USA🇺🇸 l7aXolKBiK
Thank you for your support. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!\n#POTUSAbroad #USA🇺🇸 42vCwr5GkA
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.\n#NATOMeeting #NATO YNZV3bTekB
RT @FLOTUS: Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients ; getting a tour. #Brussels…
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! 1AvYSameD4
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… Jhe7SROaxD
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Israel, Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican ; Pope, then #G7 and #NATO.
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi.
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom. X6fUUxxYXE
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself, thank you for the invitation… Z5YCpaRV6t
RT @netanyahu: Ever Stronger\nחזקים תמיד\n🇮🇱🇺🇸 Ecf5p4HjfZ
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 WdDEOiV6oS
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️eUWxJXJxbe\n\nReplay ➡️VtmlSqciXx\n\n#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School #Riyadh today. #SaudiaArabia AVzVV0W…
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen ; women who have served, and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… ZTV9F639xM
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad JJOra0KfyR
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸\n➡️UYEhgch4Hl HIQoFuc5cy
Getting ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
\"President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #PoliceWeek\"\nProclamation➡️… EcCsGaizWu
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!🇺🇸🇨🇴\nJoint Press Conf➡️… uWfiQEdsaY
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign ; Obama Administration, there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign ; Obama Administration, there was never a special councel appointed!
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… ehQanQXiSy
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, to the @WhiteHouse today! 4BWjOCgnNv
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April' S0Z4SEIRhi
I have been asking Director Comey ; others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS ; terrorism.
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and\n#PoliceWeek Proclamation: o4IXVfZuHw UMJ6hklx4a
Today, I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. \n#NationalPoliceWeek\nWatch… 3EioVDCTqb
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! \n\nHappy #MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU. Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day, and you've earned it.… 87RYOPwBiY
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
We
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸\n➡️uT4K4fh88Y 1iW7tVVNCH
Today, I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch… wFrRsK2wuo
Today, @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by, say hel… wNVB0PYoef
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no \"tapes\" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future \"press briefings\" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians ; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
Yesterday, on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine, Pavlo… hm4U54DCQO
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
We finally agree on something Rosie. BSP5F3PgbZ
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'\n➡️… kVG8r7qZS5
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… kQDBvXPekk
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!\n#DrainTheSwamp UfbKEECm2V
Dems have been complaining for months ; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge ; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. \"Richie\" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH... dnGY08wTBP
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ... i4FtSpLiHV
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, \"I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer.\" Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'\ntxFZDYYIOe
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today, we honor and thank all teachers!… sAUJfIZCwR
Biggest story today between Clapper ; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is \"no evidence\" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence.… ohXXgTNtWB
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Ask Sally Yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Congratulations to @PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:\nIn two weeks, Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted ! I…
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: \"I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media.\" #CashinIn F7mBIj7iVL
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia ; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster, N. J., a beautiful community, is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
#WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 4qckKpbtCR
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! UR0eetSEnO
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C., I will be working out of my home in Bedminster, N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia, @TurnbullMalcolm to America ; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… foMUec7EAE
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal ; replace of ObamaCare.… 0TnmLn55Lm
If victorious, Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums ; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the \"you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan ; premiums will go down\" ObamaCare lie.\"
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer, LIVE:… b8j1tWZJuv
Death spiral!\n'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018, citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'\n5YnzDitF8r
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the National Day of Prayer | @kevincorke https://…
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
Susan Rice, the former National Security Advisor to President Obama, is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… eyHLFZbKhn
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… B8VxVsYNHA
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, the great Air Force Falcons! \nWatch:… HyxxFCfaUh
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good \"shutdown\" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
President Andrew Jackson, who died 16 years before the Civil War started, saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
#ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs ; wealth in our country.\nEO1: XJggnJAiPi \nEO2:… 2iEten4SVl
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans ; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation. rEJi9ahOaY
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums ; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
The Democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message, leader, ; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is…
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders ; great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd, big energy!
.@LouDobbs just stated that \"President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history\"  Thank you Lou!
RT @foxnation: . @TuckerCarlson : #Dems Don't Really Believe #Trump Is a Pawn of #Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool  K…
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China ; its highly respected President when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today. Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started. We love our VETS!
RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she \"was troubled by that\" http…
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… UQ6VNCyhlj
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov, @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… GnKoVz9GTO
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… gR3EPznu1H
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome ; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… pUGl7RDoVX
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… YYafFQncbC
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… Eq6JDzMqTY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! \nrYYp51mxDQ np7KYHglSv
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this \"judge shopping!\" Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the \"ban\" case and now the \"sanctuary\" case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban ; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'\nExecutive Order:… LVMjZ9Ax0U
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. \nFull remarks:… BJbI6ZtGo7
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc.
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! e6Uajrm8zp
Today, I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation: 762SqgdLMV #ICYMI- My statement last night at… vrqqFDi8En
If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… AUdJgxXiT4
....the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!\n#BuildTheWall
#CongratsPeggy! e1q36nKT8g
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday, ABC ; NBC, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
...popular vote. ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me ; 53% said strong leader.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
Thank you Lake Worth, Florida. @foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
RT @foxandfriends: Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis v2C9oaq3uY
RT @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services …
After 5 SB victories since 2002, it was my honor to give Bob Kraft, Coach Belichick, and the players their first to… UZPKjqoGZY
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' \nExecutive Order:… dpE6hDzlAt
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS , @IvankaTrump, Jared Kushner, ; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya ; her brother Basel.\n#W…
WELCOME HOME, AYA!\n#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 CR4I8dvunc
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the North Korean problem, they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, ; it has been a lot (including S.C.), media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h…
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… lJAvEZJV1F
We're going to use American steel, we're going to use American labor, we are going to come first in all deals. ➡️… QYjWx9K4YY
Failing @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today. Congratulations!… tQ5XEPaIxn
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension ; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 \nWatch… 0sMv4sPrmf
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 JPEXQTVR1E
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG \"R\" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸\nWatch➡️AUqYcrgeyn rf9aivVb7g
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff, who is running for Congress in Georgia, doesn't even live in the district. Republicans, get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime ; 2nd A.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress, a runoff will be a win. Vote \"R\" for lower taxes ; safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!\n\n'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'\nJUxhO3oqjO
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%\nvjZkGTyQb9
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% TruX3WzR3U
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: \"REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS\" by Michael J. Knowles.
\"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!\" So true. @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly, we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday! nz7vucugx9
Weekly Address- tpZ7eqJLUH B2NQzj53ft
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL... clOLxTE3D4
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! ZtC14AJ0xs
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses ; there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so, the U.S., with its allies, will! U.S.A.
Jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share ; focus on… G9TdjWezmH
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily ; predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Great Strategic ; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.… pmGIL08OpP
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy, I need his help on Healthcare ; Tax Cuts (Reform).
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
RT @foxnation: Grateful Syrians React To  Strike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald' 7KexXsXLUx #SyrianStrikes
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America, Israel, and around the world. #ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ… RM9lfTaePS
Thank you @USNavy! #USA oD7L8vPgjq
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States, and the world, so well in the Syria attack.
...goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade.
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official…
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP #SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS, @VP… u5AI1pupVV
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!\nXGOQPHywrt B5Qbn6llzE
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship ; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… GxrOR3ALCE
Great to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit ; optimism - we will deliver! 6lRuQZZHrc
Thank you Sean McGarvey ; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak. #NABTU2017… dJlZvlq6Tj
.@WhiteHouse #CEOTownHall\n➡️ADSKuUXf1b XHfQ6zmF2H
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP? bL2nZRFxk9
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… 9mRaGvcPHz
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… QLC0qFD94x
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States, I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
.@FoxNews from multiple sources: \"There was electronic surveillance of Trump, and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented.\" @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. \"Spied on before nomination.\" The real story.
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening, for \n#WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us ; #LIUB.… tR3hqqyWvv
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal ; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst🇺🇸 AQQzmt10x7
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated.\" If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: \"Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
...use subsidies to buy health plans.\" In other words, Ocare is dead. Good things will happen, however, either with Republicans or Dems.
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - \"In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
RT @DanScavino: .@POTUS  signs executive orders on trade that will set the stage for revival in American manufacturing. #Am…
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is \"no path to victory for Trump\" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
We are going to defend our industry ; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put… dzPKJMghj1
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ➡️… cVWXOa1MjY
It is an exciting time for our country!\n#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch tP4bkvTOBq
#ConfirmGorsuch #SCOTUS WkqHYMcYa3
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today, former Secretary of State, Condoleezza Rice! #USA🇺🇸 ZuriIC3YwG
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… N1g0TiVnSp
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss), by media ; Dems, of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸… cxhgYaxiek
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
Where are @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador?\n#RepealANDReplace #Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts ; reform.
If @RepMarkMeadows, @Jim_Jordan and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts ; reform.
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck. Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare. Y2vTnIBTBZ
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws? QIqLgvYLLi
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team, ; fast. We must fight them, ; Dems, in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.\n#ThankAVeteran… deOHapcV4J
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… phLPw8lgTu
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️… ooF2ediqSt
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! \n#MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸\nWatch here: EG02Fdlkba XT12jqoIqj
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence ; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo… VHzTB4c69h
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! \nATy8R3knS2
Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long. Do not worry, we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
...money to Bill, the Hillary Russian \"reset,\" praise of Russia by Hillary, or Podesta Russian Company. Trump Russia story is a hoax. #MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill ; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia, Russian speech....
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border. Numbers are way down. Many are not even trying to come in anymore.
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood ; Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today. Amazing support. We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M.
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE. Do not worry!
Happy #MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡️juAB1RmMh0 Sw5ea1OwUf
Today, I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION ; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years. THANK YOU… nWJ1hNmzoR
Today, I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #KeystonePipeline. A grea… GWNo2XAueg
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums ; deductibles, bad healthcare), this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! M1veooVBNE
We are taking action to #RepealANDReplace #Obamacare! Contact your Rep ; tell them you support #AHCA. #PassTheBill… 5lsrDJXfzb
A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack. My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC. Such dishonesty!
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London. She is strong and doing very well.
RT @mitchellvii: Trump always ends up being right.  It's almost a little freaky.
RT @mitchellvii: EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance https://…
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Today on #NationalAgDay, we honor our great American farmers ; ranchers. Their hard work ; dedication are ingrained… IpGRhly2zj
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support @NASA's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the… Z5VwluvJQx
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol. 03e4YBIWr0 #PassTheBill #MAGA🇺🇸… 3swdFWGQtP
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! qGgWEWUvek
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way! #MAGA🇺🇸 3QsBsib6kt
Congratulations Eric ; Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! s0T3cTQc40
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College ; lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
#ICYMI: Weekly Address \n➡️ckVx2zgA1x dTGZLvlsGv
...vast sums of money to NATO ; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 8Y2UoHoYaY
\"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence\"\ndaTGjPmYeJ
North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been \"playing\" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US, experts warn (via @FoxFriendsFirst) pwXeR9OMQC
RT @foxandfriends: VIDEO: Rep. Scalise — GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill 05dtfjAUbx
RT @AmericaFirstPol: MAJOR IMPACT: @POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track. #MAGA \nhttps://t.c…
RT @FoxNews: Jobs created in February. sOaMDxxTA8
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says \"You're Fired\"     That means: \"Pack Yo Stuff and Go, Not Say \"You Refuse to Go!  #DrainTheSwam…
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth ; future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
RT @USHCC: USHCC was delighted to host @IvankaTrump for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington #USHCCLegi…
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland, @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence. 🇺🇸🇮🇪 J3iTl2iSiQ
A budget that puts #AmericaFirst must make safety its no. 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: 9lxx1iQo7m
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! 6snvQ0DzXN
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! m5UR4vv6UH
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA🇺🇸 GToWsWXiNv
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State ; U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, \"went to his mailbox\" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! SYBl47CsZn
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! wAkQMKdPXA
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C. @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… mg0A4Hq3bD
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… bMYph832hF
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP ; @SecPriceMD. Watch: 5ayQ4dr8Ip #ReadTheBill:… 1cQI0ZBUv8
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
RT @AmericaFirstPol: .@POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House. 50 days in, that historic journey continues. Take a look 👉 ht…
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @WhiteHouse! #MAGA🇺🇸\n➡️YSaPJnSX2i Gb8iTGzb6j
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: GREAT AGAIN:  +235,000 GkockGNdtC
RT @foxandfriends: \"Never give up....that's the worst thing you could do. There's always a chance.\" -Kyle Coddington's message to those als…
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations… oQIx7LybCV
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ➡️S8nZgmeMMV xC0piRa6eP
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
RT @foxnation: .'s First Full Month in Office Sees Biggest Jobs Gain 'In Years': Report: rx4bgI1MWK
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! BSp685Q9Qf K7yeBZsf6r
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America ; around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 ; 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia \"ran over\" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing ; construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American ; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! BNSLvKiEVj
45,000 construction ; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
Buy American ; hire American are the principals at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil.
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'\nadBzWhtq8S
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, \"Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?\" @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be \"wire tapping\" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my \"wires tapped\" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! kuQiZDz4rA
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. qCDljfF3wN
I hearby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. qCDljfF3wN
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. OTJaHcvLzf
I hear by demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. qCDljfF3wN
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! Ik3yqjHzsA
Weekly Address\nJoin me here: SEavQK5zy5 EnyXYeqgcp
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! @foxandfriends
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total \"witch hunt!\"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸\nRDO6Jt2pip
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. \n#JointAddress J882zbyVkJ gTtK3vJmkU
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:\nSoebxtg2Zd
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… 60jigi6ffS
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately ; fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally \"rigged.\" Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse: uaoQSHBOQB 7eF6aC6kEC
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax ; regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing @nytimes has become a joke. Likewise @CNN. Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking \noDLZ2NdrtA
Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security \"leakers\" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'S;P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' WtrRJVFmvU
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' s5QvsJWA6u
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video: BKn9r225Kk VBXcJ1b6Pv
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
Meeting with Generals at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Very interesting!
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants ; Sweden.
Getting ready to leave for Melbourne, Florida. See you all soon!
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
\"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!\" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @NBCNews, @ABC, @CBS, @CNN) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes, @CNN, @NBCNews and many more)    is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American people. SICK!
Join me at 11:00am:\nWatch here: veqKmsGAwf UzndIjIqjM
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' yMfT5r5RGh
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and \"sources,\" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner ; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… HhgE51dtSN
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace \ndmHL7xIEQv
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!\nTickets:… OigfXFECPp
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin ; Sara!\n#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: \nGN6ALWUusN bH60nBL5FP
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! sy6xJcWfcF
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by \"intelligence\" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - \"The NSA ; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is\" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes ; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC ; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace ; save healthcare for ALL Americans. \nglWEQ0lNR4
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'\nQ3MoCGAc54 yGDDTKm9Br
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @VP Pence ; @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVos. Watch:… nuLTs513Ot
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new #VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect… FNewjbHuw4
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! #ICYMI- watch here: RPsmw4yD7y K8tWLlXiYK
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO's ; business women from Canada🇨🇦and th… wAoCOaYeZ6
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau! WKgF8Zo9ri
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. bFAHPRXHdP
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA ; YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers ; others are being removed!
#ICYMI: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. qEC87FKB1D
RT @Scavino45: LIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe: c3Fe5cUaaS
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! \nFvjsac89qS… hKqbMB2aQ9
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! \"77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries.\" (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on #MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today. 4JFhyYdeHO
The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying \"Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14.\" We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: \"Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute.\" A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions!\nLIVE:… QeW6vjog4A
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a \"failure.\" Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave \"service\" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, @SenatorSessions! e0buP1K83z
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'\n6LmsR5JOSW
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' \nPoll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...KWsIWhtC9o
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' wAelwuQ4BE
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… oicfDsPKHQ
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 0dHld5kiVc
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs ; Sheriffs for your leadership ; service. You have a true friend in the… Lysnv8ZR1h
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the @WhiteHouse. Incredible men ; women who protect ; serv… 1LkhbCNh8L
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! kZdHqaNTVR
The failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories ; sources!
Will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M.
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the #SuperBowl and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 P.M. (prior to the #SuperBowl Pre-game Show) on Fox Network. Enjoy!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with @oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS @nytimes is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death ; destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in ; out, especially for reasons of safety ;.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep \"evil\" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how \"kind\" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you! r5nxC9oOA4
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.\nLHOs4nAaGl
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. We’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma… Bh7SrNEgz1
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the \"bad\" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad \"dudes\" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: f6JO60I0Ul
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain ; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on @CBNNews tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later. #NeverForget OhshQsFRfl
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! D0aOWhOH4X
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! mkuhbegzqS
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: KjU0MOxCHk
.@VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today's #MarchForLife -- You have our full support! 1jb53SEGV4
The #MarchForLife is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits ; little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! MtPvaDC4jM
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan. Th… ALSADGrwoe
Spoke at the Congressional @GOP Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ @VP, @SenMajLeader, @SpeakerRyan. Th… s4sTbSyBSR
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of @ABC News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
\"@romoabcnews: .@DavidMuir first @POTUS interview since taking office.  Tonight on @ABCWorldNews @ABC2020 tonight. I4Vz1mRdBK\"
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. o7YNUNwb8f
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today @DHSgov:… 8aDaHsAhg9
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… 4zuOrRdcoc
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible \"carnage\" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. T0eIgO6LP8
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off… aOxmfO0vOK
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @WhiteHouse this morning. Together, we will #MAGA! OXdiLOkGsZ
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! Uzp0ivvRp0
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
RT @WhiteHouse: \"Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America.\"…
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 V3aoj9RUh4
TO ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸\nD7Es6ie4fY
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...cZKkrGXLSi
It is time to remember that...ZKyOiOor62
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN ; HIRE AMERICAN!\n#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. #Inauguration a6xpFQTHj5
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM… OSxa3BamHs
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!\n#Inauguration2017 GQeQpJOgWz
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017 hOuMbxGnpe
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
\"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!\" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C.… Qj5cpfaykD
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA SxVmaWvOFT
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… J0ojOXjrga
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
\"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string...\" @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed ; others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
RT @EricTrump: Thank you to @GolfDigest for this incredible feature! \"Golfer-in-Chief\"  vpdY4jNbI4 https://t.c…
RT @MoskowitzEva: .@BetsyDeVos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
\"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It\" Hfab41h65X
\"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president.\" Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, \"It will be the first one that I've missed.\" WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing \"big stuff.\"
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
\"@drgoodspine:  @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class.\"
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
\"@levisteveholt:  I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency.\" Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews \"Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand.\" Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, ; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE.\" Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, \"That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS \"A COMPLETE FRAUD!\"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The \"Unaffordable\" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by \"Intelligence\" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
\"@zhu_amy3:  It's Morning in America again!!!  ☀️☀️☀️Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!\" THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to \"leak\" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great \"movement\" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is \"A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.\" Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews \nd6daCFZHNh
RT @MichaelCohen212: I have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews CMil9Rha3D
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'\nMhbABREhzt CWAvJ4fRdx
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' WjBaTp824U
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'\nX22x1BttdG
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect ; serve our communities 24/7/365! \n#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay… aqUbDipSgv
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 8kvQ1PzPAf
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford ; Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
\"groveling\" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never \"mocked\" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
RT @MeetThePress: Watch our interview with @KellyannePolls: Russia \"did not succeed\" in attempts to sway election EZhgUIUbYx #…
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
\"@FoxNews: \"We certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe… bwDjEg1d7S\"
\"@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  \nI1K4nj1gVu\" Very nice!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter ; star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only \"stupid\" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!\nbJaEY7qFSn
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast ; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich ; Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got \"swamped\" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get \"an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?\" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against \"Intelligence\" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans ; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive ; FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning.\"Keep you doctor, keep your plan!\" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the \"Movement\"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have \"hacking defense\" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
\"@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: “It’s very dishonest.” #Hannity ADcPRQifH9\" More dishonest than anyone knows
Julian Assange said \"a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta\" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The \"Intelligence\" briefing on so-called \"Russian hacking\" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
\"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America\" 11spTMa6Tm
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION ; JOB CREATION.\nsiXrptsOrt
\"@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies\"\n137nUo03Gl
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said \"The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!\" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it \"CRAZY\"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money ; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called \"Unprecedented\" which explores the 2016 race ; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @IvankaTrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life. I wish you peace, joy, love and laughter. Happy New…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Happy new year everyone. #newyear #family #vacation #familytime u9fJIKNoZq
RT @EricTrump: 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife @LaraLeaTrump made it even better! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.…
RT @Reince: Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all.  Looking forward to incredible things in 2017!   will Make America…
RT @DanScavino: On behalf of our next #POTUS ; @TeamTrump-\n\n#HappyNewYear AMERICA🇺🇸\n\nY6XDdijXea\nD8plL7xHql\nhttps:…
TO ALL AMERICANS-\n#HappyNewYear ; many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful ; prosperous 2017 as we… 1asdMAL4iy
RT : Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!\nuRxyCD3hBz
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!\nuRxyCD3hBz
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C.… 9WJZ8iTCQV
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: ZWk0j4H8Qy
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' SjGBgglIuQ
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
#MerryChristmas 5GgDmJrGMS
.@FoxNews - \"Objectified\" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Happy #Hanukkah UvZwtykV1E
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: \"until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.\"  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: \"In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity.\"  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, \"by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called \"A\" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase \"DRAIN THE SWAMP\" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: s8rXKKZNF1
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult ; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He \"doesn't know much\" ...
\"@mike_pence: Congratulations to ; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!\"
\"@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect --the electoral votes are in and it's official.\" Thank you Franklin!
RT @DanScavino: #TrumpTrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 qAQdBGEwSv
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned ; called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst. Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:… 4UAazd7TmF
RT @DanScavino: Join President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile, Alabama via his #Facebook page! #ThankYouTour2016 \nWatch: btzN080…
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - \"THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH\" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
\"@EazyMF_E:  Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch:… 3vgtzSJsFu
#ThankYouTour2016 \n\nTonight- Orlando, Florida \nTickets: JwQeccp79N\n\nTomorrow- Mobile, Alabama\nTickets:… Cq5AwcuzT9
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the \"MOVEMENT\" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: 7R382qWfWS… yB6u5FEfHq
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 \nTickets: GGgbjl8Zo6 opKrWO4k0C
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me \"Person of the Year\" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 4PjSOEU5y9
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:… iEGWZLuiFE
RT @DanScavino: Join #PEOTUS Trump ; #VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis, Wisconsin! \n#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA\nvU5EPIYKUc https:/…
Join me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! \n#ThankYouTour2016 \n\nTickets:… 1RFmKCMgyw
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016 \n\nTue: West Allis, WI. \n\nThur: Hershey, PA. \n\nFri: Orlando, FL. \n\nSat: Mobile, AL. \n\nTickets:… OJ8S7iVzFx
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch \"hackers\" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for \"State\"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman ; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Sunday-- our exclusive interview with President-elect  \nWatch on @FoxNews at 2p/10p ET \nCheck your local…
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday! VEsgPcWq7z
RT @TrumpInaugural: Counting down the days until the swearing in of  ; @mike_pence. Check in here for the latest updates. #…
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.\nER2BoM765M
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous ; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B ; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for \"State\".
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs ; together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nWatch:… EyLOo26FqW
Thank you Louisiana! Get out ; vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal… sHXeyreEZI
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls ; send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. O0jtz0BKeL
THANK YOU IOWA!\n#ThankYouTour2016 v6EB2OQMeO
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA \n10am- Baton Rouge, LA. \nTickets: rvIQ6Yq45P\n7pm- Grand Rapids, MI.\nTickets: 2UTwAg5V87
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence. Join us! Tickets: 1IuRTVwMSx #ThankYouTour2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!\n#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… Geq6sT70IT
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...\nr5eRLR24Q3
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: ZAuTgxKPpb EF9xRWmciA
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you… Z8sgJBWI09
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! \n#ThankYouTour2016 \nTickets: 79AHq3NC0v KoZCE7JeG7
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016 \n\n12/6- North Carolina\n79AHq3NC0v\n\n12/8- Iowa\n1IuRTVwMSx\n\n12/9- Michiga… vcQaIJ8qoB
If the press would cover me accurately ; honorably, I would have far less reason to \"tweet.\" Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr. @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development… OJKuDFhP3r
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running \"Objectified: Donald Trump,\" the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
\"@TigerWoods: Can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. –TW #heroworldchallenge\" Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again!… sVNSNJE7Uf
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. \nJoin me! Tickets: HiWqZvHv6M
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' GTuNcQhLYx
RT @DanScavino: Great interview on @foxandfriends by @SteveDoocy w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS  ; #VPE…
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross ; Todd Ricketts… cEBxoWsnYp
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!\nTickets:… 51Emq7Tffa
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation'\n5FMGdhAZxB
'President-Elect Donald J. Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma.'\nZTh5cuY26Z twIgAKJs3s
RT @DanScavino: Back to Cincinnati, Ohio this Thursday (12/1/16) at 7pm for #PEOTUS 's #ThankYouTour2016! Join us!\nhttps://…
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
\"@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !\"
\"@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter.
\"@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !\"  @CNN still doesn't get it. They will never learn!
\"@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN\"
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.\" So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy.\" She then said, \"We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position.\" Then, separately she stated, \"He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: \"That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated ; demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Th… RY9mGGjrXm
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad ; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'\nLjKTkAZSFy
'President-elect Donald J. Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'\nUFdLWtwBEQ MrPaG7OziQ
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. HTgPXfPWeJ
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James \"Mad Dog\" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @transition2017: President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General, National Security Advisor, CIA Director. More here: ht…
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get \"top level security clearance\" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes \"more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.\" How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the \"Trump phenomena\"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #ThankAVet wPk7QWpK8Z
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U.S. Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!! Lz2dhrXzo4
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. \n#ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸 HfuJeRZbod
RT @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2…
RT @EricTrump: Join my family in this incredible movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!! Now it is up to you! Please #VOTE for America! https:…
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: FINAL PUSH! Eric and I doing dozens of radio interviews. We can win this thing! GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA #ElectionDay ht…
Still time to #VoteTrump! \n#iVoted #ElectionNight UZtYAY1Ba6
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: \"Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country\"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
#ElectionDay MXrAxYnTjY FZhOncih21
We need your vote. Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: VMUdvi1tx1… zGOx74Ebhw
VOTE TODAY! Go to MXrAxYnTjY to find your polling location. We are going to Make America Great Again!… KPQ5EY9VwQ
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI!… onRpEvzHrW
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thanks New Hampshire!!! \n#NH #NewHampshire #MAGA JDgcyJvJpk
RT @detroitnews: .@IvankaTrump in Michigan: ‘This is your movement’ 0Sa7huoOP1   cMXEqSHuDj
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now. \nWatch NH rally here:… hP88anrfgk
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 8eELqk2wUw
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan. Watch PA rally here: d29DLINGst… zcH9crFIKM
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania. Get out ; VOTE tomorrow. LETS #MAGA!! Ej0LmMK3YU
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary ; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare ; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
'America must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider'\nll8QIW9SqW
'What I Like About Trump ... and Why You Need to Vote for Him'\n6rVuDUehZq
'Why Trump' RpwIYB7aOV
I love you North Carolina- thank you for your amazing support! Get out and HfihPERFgZ tomorrow!\nWatch:… jZzfqUZNYh
On my way! 6L2ILD6r8h
Just landed in North Carolina- heading to the J.S. Dorton Arena. See you all soon! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! EUo0keWX1Y
Starting tomorrow it's going to be #AmericaFirst! Thank you for a great morning Sarasota, Florida!\nWatch here:… ig62Kjkkvl
Thank you for you support Virginia! In ONE DAY - get out and #VoteTrumpPence16! #ICYMI: Nid8qcFTwY WOsEcjM8sm
Thank you Pennsylvania- I am forever grateful for your amazing support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA… qbcJZAzw6z
Thank you Michigan! This is a MOVEMENT that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #DrainTheSwamp! Watch… cSdGkCFYRL
Our American comeback story begins 11/8/16. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT again for everyone! Watch:… ek8Cn3CgTr
Thank you Minnesota! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp ; #MAGA! \n#ICYMI- watch: fVThC7yIL6 e8SaXiJrxj
MONDAY - 11/7/2016\n\nScranton, Pennsylvania at 5:30pm.\nBcErCtsPdF\n\nGrand Rapids, Michigan at 11pm.… pgFMLp0173
Thank you Iowa - Get out ; #VoteTrumpPence16! \nHfihPERFgZ QsukELQmKb
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you New Hampshire! 🇺🇸 pdnxXq2jgy
Van Jones: ‘There Is A Crack in the Blue Wall’ — It Has to Do With Trade: BvEF9cC7o7
Great night in Denver, Colorado- thank you! Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \n#ICYMI watch rally here:… LbvNHo6T2k
RT @DanScavino: Join  LIVE in Denver, Colorado via his #Facebook page- we are here!!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸  \nhttps://t.c…
Thank you Reno, Nevada. \nNOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst… A4eeHoCbGS
Join me live in Reno, Nevada!\nT4bf1hrxaA EPqRXHa1CM
JOIN ME TOMORROW!\nMINNESOTA • 2pm\nWcgLh4prS7\n\nMICHIGAN • 6pm\n9BqGVKNNrt\n\nVIRGINIA • 9:30p… A1oVhCrT6t
#DrainTheSwamp!\nz68vGp9Bvf
Top Clinton Aides Bemoan Campaign ‘All Tactics,’ No Vision: mHYvQtIq78
‘Must Act Immediately’: Clinton Charity Lawyer Told Execs They Were Breaking The Law\nhsi4qhqTV1
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina. We are 3 days away from the CHANGE you've been waiting for your entire life!… 6ZJZRBfLST
Thank you for the incredible support this morning Tampa, Florida! #ICYMI- watch here: q43kHf7MoE 1GscFNaV4L
Join me in Denver, Colorado tonight at 9:30pm: LJYGIK7Mri\n\nNEW- Scranton, Pennsylvania Monday @ 5:30pm: BcErCtsPdF
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Hershey, Pennsylvania. Get out ; VOTE on November 8th ; we will #MAGA! #RallyForRiley \n#ICYMI, watch here… maWukVBTr8
Join me in Denver, Colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!\nTickets: LJYGIK7Mri
Join me live in Hershey, Pennsylvania! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nLIVE: xEj6sZpb12 JWfGI1vlwW
The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is YOU. The only force strong enough to save our country is US.… 7dcSHOkuzc
Thank you Ohio! VOTE so we can replace Obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the United States! Watch:… 7CH8ZnGdOa
Join me live in Wilmington, Ohio!\nnQ2p4EulLu
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
'ICE OFFICERS WARN HILLARY IMMIGRATION PLAN WILL UNLEASH GANGS, CARTELS ; DRUG VIOLENCE NATIONWIDE'… 09aSrBwQrv
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens;save American lives! Watc… uxcazVkb32
Clinton Aides: ‘Definitely’ Not Releasing Some HRC Emails:\nGY5pGKaDoW
RT @TeamTrump: Mrs. Saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device. @HillaryClinton did FAR WORSE ; is runnin…
\"The Clinton Campaign at Obama Justice\" #DrainTheSwamp\nLZkvFc071z
Join me today in Wilmington, Ohio at 4pm: eCLECMkYLw\n\nTomorrow- Tampa, Florida at 10am: N9380pVmuM
There is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach! Thank you Selma, North Carolina!\n#ICYMI, watch here… 8uIrhgYRsl
RT @PaulaReidCBS: .@CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are \"new\" ; not p…
Join me in Wilmington, Ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Tickets: eCLECM3nmW sb5irRxjxJ
#CrookedHillary is unfit to serve. bSuGvInNF1
Thank you Concord, North Carolina! When WE win on November 8th, we are going to Washington, D.C. and we are going t… 7j4MBn1Waf
Watching my beautiful wife, Melania, speak about our love of country and family. We will make you all very proud.… DiKmSnTlC2
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs ; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Thank you Arlene! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! \n#ImWithYou #DrainTheSwamp \ntSI0YP2LL9
RT @T_Lineberger: Thanks @IvankaTrump for coming to help win Michigan! More people here than a Hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice…
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days eHTGIEpFsm
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch… LPXBQZ5AXt
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! YivCacmkKq
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: \nZZjbGDZP7e
\"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do.\" \n#DrainTheSwamp! KZXB4B156M
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White… MKYPOp0MeD
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
\"@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle k5kGXPR2WA\"
\"@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump sKz1SPHzDZ\"  So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!\n\nMIAMI•12pm\nA3X71Q6sG2\n\nORLANDO•4pm\n6BqTVoty5C\n\nPENSACOLA•7p… kEQuuJeO1B
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp ; #MAGA!… gKBkKmTudn
RT @DanScavino: Join  LIVE in Wisconsin with Gov. @ScottWalker, @MayorRGiuliani, @Reince ; Coach Bobby Knight! LIVE: https:…
WikiLeaks emails reveal Podesta urging Clinton camp to 'dump' emails. \nTime to #DrainTheSwamp!\nP3ajiACiXK
'Podesta urged Clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged' NYvVmoA8wl
Mika Brzezinski: Dem Criticism of Comey Reinforcing Idea ‘There’s Something There'\nEvBp0xESPN QIDBiDpat8
Hillary Advisers Wanted Her To Avoid Supporting Israel When Talking To Democrats: y7m8iVU173
Trump promises special session to repeal Obamacare: wTCd108yrV
'Kept me out of jail': Top DOJ official involved in Clinton probe represented her campaign chairman: QUZn97CEOq
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
#ICYMI: Governor @mike_pence and I were in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania today. You can watch it here:… 6GWgmCV23Z
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
JOIN ME TOMORROW IN FLORIDA!\n\nMIAMI•12pm\nA3X71Q6sG2\n\nORLANDO•4pm\n6BqTVoty5C\n\nPENSACOLA•7p… kNzrAeuLZO
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow! I hear you Warren, Michigan. Streaming live - join us America. It is time to DRAIN THE SWAMP!\nWatch: pjXELwc5E1
#ObamacareFail #HillarycareFail gaXOWVI0Xa
Thank you Grand Rapids, Michigan! #ICYMI- watch: 2mDQCs6coB gN7BYfLD9K
$25 Million+ raised online in just one week! RECORD WEEK. #DrainTheSwamp Today we set a bigger record. Contribute &gt;CZ1QmzCxwO
Legendary basketball coach Bobby Knight who has 900+ wins, many championships and a gold medal will be introducing… aHltfG7U4I
'Hillary's Two Official Favors To Morocco Resulted In $28 Million For Clinton Foundation' #DrainTheSwamp\n6qOO7FZSvF
Join me tomorrow in Michigan!\n\nGrand Rapids at 12pm:\nxFPRNF7pnF\n\nWarren at 3pm:\nDREwbH7ZVd iyXwiP0rvd
Beautiful rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico this evening - thank you. Get out ; VOTE! #DrainTheSwamp\nWatch rally:… K2RSgt2Zh5
\"@slh: I follow Mr.Trump at all of his rallies by watching them on biseaBESvS. He is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hope
Thank you Greeley, CO! REAL change means restoring honesty to the govt. Our plan will END govt. corruption! Watch:… qz5AL7zvp4
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada- I love you! Departing for Greeley, Colorado now. Get out ; VOTE! #ICYMI- watch here:… uIloPRtEn9
See you tomorrow Michigan!\n\nGrand Rapids, MI tomorrow at noon:\nxFPRNEPNZ5\n\nWarren, MI tomorrow at 3pm:… UHRTgS88B5
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
Great day in Colorado ; Arizona. Will be in Nevada, Colorado and New Mexico tomorrow - join me!\nTickets:… vMPTsLXsCT
THANK YOU Phoenix, Arizona! Time for new POWERFUL leadership. Just imagine what WE can accomplish in our first 100… gqZLLxcenk
So nice - great Americans outside Trump Tower right now. Thank you! 34ATTgICTz
Departing Golden, CO. for Arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. Watch here: zNzmWuZPiV\nOverflow: 93L7JfdmXJ
#ObamacareFail iusXk4n9w7
Tomorrow!\n\nLas Vegas, NV- 11a: KluudKImvn\nGreeley, CO- 4p: JYimiIbqKB\nAlbuquerque, NM- 7p: 7SCol4vQlM
\"@DeplorableCBTP: \"In my mind, #DonaldTrump is the only way out of this mess.\" - #PhilRobertson of TV's #DuckDynasty\"   Thank you Phil!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Join me in Colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or Arizona at 3pm!\n\nTICKETS:\nGolden: Eix7SspO2Z\nPhoenix:… pheYCksxq0
Thank you Maine, New Hampshire and Iowa. The waiting is OVER! The time for change is NOW! We are going to… HVPjw6qeQ2
\"@piersmorgan: BOMBSHELL: FBI reopening its investigation into HillaryClinton's email server after new discovery!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp GtPkj4xIz6
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  The Cold Clinton Reality... udWj5mXcA6
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta ; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. \"Bad instincts\"
Join me tonight in Cedar Rapids, Iowa at 7pm: QWaEJpR79n\n\nPhoenix, Arizona tomorrow night at 3pm: 0LjE9qbNLh
\"@Jmoschetti1363: @Johnatsrs1949 FBI must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, FBI, or (Dallas)police\"
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: WSJ:  Grifters-in-Chief...  mPFocMuBgu
Thank you Geneva, Ohio. \nIf I am elected President, I am going to keep RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS OUT of our countr… a7t5QN2iqW
Join @TeamTrump on Facebook ; watch tonight's rally from Geneva, Ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #AmericaFirst #MAGA ZqJmf4QcwH
Crooked Hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #DrainTheSwamp… BLMkZQ8svK
\"@KeithRowland: People in Arizona just got a taste of Obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums. \" Repeal and replace!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
I delivered a speech in Charlotte, North Carolina yesterday. I appreciate all of the feedback ; support. Lets #MAGA… aI2HtiRUzr
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio. Time to #DrainTheSwamp ; #MAGA!\nNU39Mmlh1T
Join me in Cedar Rapids, Iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #MAGA\nQWaEJpzvKN CniHGkjp0v
#ICYMI: I agree- To all Americans, I see you ; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp with me on 11/8.… P2edj2MoXy
Thank you Springfield, Ohio. Get out and #VoteTrumpPence16!\n#ICYMI - watch here: dEoXV6oS3b… RNgCUUqO4X
Join me live in Springfield, Ohio!\nLREA7WRmOx
Inside ‘Bill Clinton Inc.’: Hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #DrainTheSwamp!\nUfDVzeSDfd
JOIN ME! #MAGA\nTODAY:\nSpringfield, OH \nToledo, OH \nGeneva, OH \nFRIDAY:\nManchester, NH \nLisbon, ME \nCedar Rapids, IA\nkv624y9UOm
I agree, @MMFlint- To all Americans, I see you ; I hear you. I am your voice. Vote to #DrainTheSwamp w/ me on 11/8. D7nBwkogBb
\"Clinton Foundation’s Fundraisers Pressed Donors to Steer Business to Former President\"\nPlFILR6JCn
Ron Fournier: \"Clinton Used Secret Server To Protect #CircleOfEnrichment”\n4OGP3tPxyp
'WikiLeaks Drip-Drop Releases Prove One Thing: There's No Nov. 8 Deadline on Clinton's Dishonesty and Scandals'\nMfRy3Nvd4F
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
Obamacare is a disaster. We must REPEAL ; REPLACE. Tired of the lies, and want to #DrainTheSwamp? Get out ; VOTE… jOelj829Pg
RT @EricTrump: Tune into @GMA right now to catch a great interview with my father ; the entire family! 🇺🇸 #VoteTrumpPence16 Sa…
Beautiful evening in Kinston, North Carolina - thank you! Get out and VOTE!! You can watch tonight's rally here:… x7wtERl55d
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina. Great afternoon! #ICYMI - I delivered a speech on urban renewal. Full speech:… ga6DQZrIR0
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… hBIrGj21l6
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!\nSpringfield-1pm:\nYcbpSigtva\n\nToledo-4pm:\nBOJH0l1CZz\n\nGeneva-7pm… 7qbIRel33u
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
Thank you Tallahassee, Florida! A beautiful evening with the MOVEMENT! Get out ; VOTE!\n#ICYMI- watch here: GDKhwrCa9R
Thank you Sanford, Florida. Get out ; VOTE #TrumpPence16! #ICYMI- watch this afternoons rally here:… zVXrScClfd
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! \n#ObamaCareInThreeWords
I have met ; spent a lot of time with families @ The Remembrance Project. I will fight for them everyday!… Ot6vQGqVW0
Get your ballots in Colorado - I will see you soon -- and we will win!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain oDLvZg7MLk
'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp\nAkczH8l0FJ 7mIkwAHTuV
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!\n#ObamacareFailed
Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA… aRdlFkVjAx
Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal ; replace! \n#ObamacareFail 5CvoMbVceT
#ObamacareFail 90Aixp25Oc
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to repeal ; replace! #ObamacareFail \nxDPhVczf1g
#ObamacareFail 5Zvsys8j5w
#ObamacareFail Mb0YW1rg6g
Get out and vote! I am your voice and I will fight for you! We will make America great again! XXvLRlhSaz
Key Obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year:\nTCdHEdPQDG
#Obamacare premiums are about to SKYROCKET --- again. Crooked H will only make it worse. We will repeal ; replace! fY1REYV4rK
As election looms, some bad news for Clinton, Democrats:\n7aWWVQPjTo
Record crowd in Tampa, Florida- thank you! We will WIN FLORIDA, #DrainTheSwamp in Washington D.C. and MAKE AMERICA… IpSUYnXcp6
Thank you Bobby Bowden for the intro tonight and your support! I hope I can do as well for Florida as you have done! Vx5iltoaXj
My contract with the American voter will restore honesty, accountability ; CHANGE to Washington! #DrainTheSwamp sbVwctT1Sj
Peter Navarro: 'Trump the Bull vs. Clinton the Bear' #DrainTheSwamp \nmQRkfMG80j
'Democratic operative caught on camera: Hillary PERSONALLY ordered 'Donald Duck' troll campaign that broke the law'\nsTreHAfYUH
Join me tomorrow in Sanford or Tallahassee, Florida!\n\nSanford at 3pm:\nPZENw9Kheg\n\nTallahassee at 6pm:\nWKI69e1bqD
THANK YOU St. Augustine, Florida! Get out and VOTE! Join the MOVEMENT - and lets #DrainTheSwamp! Off to Tampa now!… zgwqhy2jBX
Join me LIVE on my Facebook page in St. Augustine, Florida! Lets #DrainTheSwamp ; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… mPzVrcaR9L
Honored to receive an endorsement from @SJSOPIO - thank you! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AG… PSTcOei5t1
'Hillary Clinton Had Gun Control Supporters Planted In Town Hall Audience' 1GVq74iW8a
Leaving West Palm Beach, Florida now - heading to St. Augustine for a 3pm rally. Will be in Tampa at 7pm - join me:… eLunEQRxZq
'The Clinton Foundation’s Most Questionable Foreign Donations'\n#PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp\nIkeqMRjX5z
Departing Farmers Round Table in Boynton Beach, Florida. Get out ; VOTE- lets #MAGA! \nEARLY VOTING BY FL. COUNTY:… MgJxNbxRga
Get out to VOTE on 11/8/2016- and we will #DrainTheSwamp!\nRASMUSSEN NATIONAL \nTrump 43%\nClinton 41% jIOR7Bq816
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
'Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife' U0w99gfyKE
'Clinton Charity Got Up To $56 Million From Nations That Are Anti-Women, Gays' #CrookedHillary\neHsuBdi8XM
Thank you Naples, Florida! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. \nLets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! \nFull Naples rally… 5ZbteSJ00K
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary #PayToPlay BT1Nv0ZMYg
Join me in Naples, Florida this evening at 6:00pm! Tickets: Oax06JVzv1 g9LBxI1dJ8
Remember - get out on November 8th ; VOTE #TrumpPence16. It is time to #DrainTheSwamp -- this is our last chance! bnGcJUt7UL
Former Prosecutor: The Clintons Are So Corrupt, Everything ‘They Touch Turns To Molten Lead’ \n5Eyfi092vn
Thank you Las Vegas Review Journal! \nEDITORIAL: 'Donald Trump for president' uH5GH7Bhe0 via @reviewjournal
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
\"If you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the White House\" A statement made by Mrs. Obama about Crooked Hillary Clinton
Thank you for the massive turnout tonight- Cleveland, Ohio! Get out ; VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8.\nWatch rally here:… XuJZeJwSGk
WikiLeaks: 'Clinton-Kaine Even Lied About Timing of Veep Pick'\ne1NVdpSfNr
'Trump lays out policies for first 100 days in White House'\nOrwOIFJuSz
'Huma Abedin told Clinton her secret email account caused problems'\ni4zN2QzKnf
Just arrived in Cleveland, Ohio- join Governor @Mike_Pence and I now, LIVE via: SS58ChFTNy
Hillary Clinton: 'Architect of failure'\n#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary\nb5HqsGrc7N
Unbelievable crowd of supporters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Thank you! Next stop - Cleveland, Ohio.… CN3sdX5ft1
In order to #DrainTheSwamp ; create a new GOVERNMENT of, by, ; for the PEOPLE, I need your VOTE! Go to HfihPERFgZ- LET'S #MAGA!
Today I introduced my Contract with the American Voter - our economy will be STRONG ; our people will be SAFE.… Sa6XUfueU4
Change has to come from outside our very broken system. #MAGA OH9Lvo3R7K
Crooked Hillary Clinton Tops Middle East Forum’s ‘Islamist Money List'\nJC25rNtx6G
Thank you Gettysburg, Pennsylvania! #DrainTheSwamp jWgLcxDji7
Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain… BV2RFavG84
Will be in Cleveland, Ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: hre7FofPxQ\n\nNaples, Florida-tomorrow @ 6pm: Oax06JVzv1
\"@AZTRUMPTRAIN: I #Voted for DonaldTrump! #Arizona ☉ #Economy #Immigration #Jobs #Veterans #BorderControl #Trade… 0BJk9BwkfW\"
\"@jensen4law: Best way to pay Hillary back for what she did to @BernieSanders #DNCleak is a DonaldTrump LANDSLIDE Ha8o5wCyGh\"
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be in Cleveland, Ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #MAGA\nTickets:… kfJv5Po0x6
Thank you to the great crowd of supporters in Newtown, Pennsylvania. Get out ; VOTE on 11/8/16. Lets #MAGA! Watch:… eb6XuMlbFW
#CrookedHillary sending U.S. intelligence info. to Podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an OPSEC violation’ z58aeo4CO7
WikiLeaks reveals Clinton camp’s work with ‘VERY friendly and malleable reporters’ \n#DrainTheSwamp #CrookedHillary\nbcYLslrxi0
Donna Brazile Shreds Obama Economy - Acting DNC chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are' LQNbISSoX0
\"{Crooked Hillary Clinton} created this mess, and she knows it.\" \n#DrainTheSwamp 3cBNYjl5CD sjwkuq3nkk
'Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With New York Times To Smear State Dept Watchdog'\nTime to #DrainTheSwamp! \n0VDdGdpCTg
VERY IRONIC: \"In 2010 video, Clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’\" \ndL7VDMqSLy
Great crowd in Johnstown, Pennsylvania- thank you. Get out ; VOTE on 11/8! Watch the MOVEMENT in PA. this afternoon… DUMlbSkVeY
A top Clinton Foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest. \nrtWhdYOyq7
#CrookedHillary “was at center of negotiating $12M commitment from King Mohammed VI of Morocco” to Clinton Fdn. HWOQ7jQWY2
Great crowd in Fletcher, North Carolina- thank you! Heading to Johnstown, Pennsylvania now! Get out on November 8th… IG5KhKIz3W
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
Huma calls it a \"MESS,\" the rest of us call it CORRUPT! WikiLeaks catches Crooked in the act - again.\n#DrainTheSwamp juvdLIJPWu
Hillary ; Obama's Broken Promises. \n#RepealObamacare oz24r2xW7G
In addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #Obamacare are seeing MASSIVE PREMIUM INCR… J7ldXmUmJm
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Crooked Hillary promised 200k jobs in NY and FAILED. We'll create 25M jobs when I'm president, and I will DELIVER! NgyCkEH7Xn
Crooked took MILLIONS from oppressive ME countries. Will she give the $$$ back? Probably not. Don't forget her slog… esLgql0Gg8
'Trump won the third debate'\nWh52fyLNRz
UPCOMING RALLIES - JOIN ME!\n\nTOMORROW\nFletcher, NC @ 12pm. \nuASvA4Gd4r\n\nSATURDAY\nCleveland, OH @ 7pm. \nhre7Foxqpo
#ICYMI - OHIO RALLY!\nWatch here: 0qAjfOcu6Y fpShHiXI31
On behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #EarlyVote tv7ihuvmfS
Want access to Crooked Hillary? Don't forget - it's going to cost you!\n#DrainTheSwamp #PayToPlay qjMBZkEnK9
Thank you Delaware County, Ohio! Remember- either we WIN this election, or we are going to LOSE this country!… ntDRTzYOqi
If elected POTUS - I will stop RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM in this country! In order to do this, we need to… 45Vyk6z18m
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
Thank you America! #MAGA\n\nRasmussen National Poll\nDonald Trump 43%\nHillary Clinton 40% n4eZ3qpcjg
Just landed in Ohio. Thank you America- I am honored to win the final debate for our MOVEMENT. It is time to… ivdjRzL6wZ
Totally dishonest Donna Brazile chokes on the truth. Highly illegal! \nWatch: Rs5brj31bA FYoRo6MUjX
The Washington Times Presidential Debate Poll:\nTRUMP 77% (18,290)\nCLINTON 17% (4,100)\n#DrainTheSwamp #Debate wsgsf5nv6H
Join the MOVEMENT to #MAGA!\n3KWOl2ibaW V84qfN4oz1
Great poll - thank you America! Once we #DrainTheSwamp, together we will #MAGA🇺🇸#Debate SvcjmrsHKD
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join my team over on my Facebook page- live now! #Debates\nvpDVQfO58A 5v1tWzHrxq
The era of division is coming to an end. We will create a new future of #AmericanUnity. First, we need to… mZUFP24Bgh
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate
HILLARY'S HEALTH CARE POLICIES\n#DrainTheSwamp #Debate t1Sr8dk2Xi
We have to repeal ; replace #Obamacare! Look at what is doing to people! #DrainTheSwamp fsv7P11mWV
. is going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE -- Crooked is going to raise taxes BIG LEAGUE! #DrainTheSwamp… 41X9Qjy0RJ
ISIS has infiltrated countries all over Europe by posing as refugees, and @HillaryClinton will allow it to happen h… MmeW2qsTQh
The economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.\n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp o8g2E5xXy6
Together we can save American JOBS, American LIVES, and AMERICAN FUTURES! #Debates 2Yfd0Omn4X
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
I WILL DEFEAT ISIS. THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND TOO LONG! What has our leadership been doing?\n#DrainTheSwamp tU0iW3Gi9v
After Crooked @HillaryClinton allowed ISIS to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them? LAUGHABLE! Here's my plan: FzRMObNQVn
What They Are Saying About 's GREAT Debate and @HillaryClinton's Bad Performance… 1O86a49vJZ
\"Her instincts are suboptimal.\"\nPRCHvRtPVA
I opposed going into Iraq. Hillary voted for it. As with everything else she's supported, it was a DISASTER. Um5WJXWfBZ
#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp eoBiXFPc5f
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
HILLARY FAILED ALL OVER THE WORLD. #BigLeagueTruth  \n❌LIBYA\n❌SYRIA\n❌IRAN\n❌IRAQ\n❌ASIA PIVOT\n❌RUSSIAN RESET\n❌BENGHAZI… H1UH0svtt2
Hillary says \"take back Mosul?\" We would have NEVER lost Mosul- if it wasn't for #CrookedHillary. #DrainTheSwamp TmsY0ApFLQ
You should give the money back @HillaryClinton! #DrainTheSwamp m0LKHRUoHz
Crooked’s top aides were MIRED in massive conflicts of interests at the State Dept. We MUST #DrainTheSwamp a4p7q9jZde #Debate
LIVE FACT-CHECK: Trump's RIGHT. The Clinton Foundation has taken MILLIONS from the Middle East. #DrainTheSwamp Kgcaf5tdTM
Crooked @HillaryClinton's foundation is a CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE. Time to #DrainTheSwamp!  89eOMTsIjt #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton loves to lie. America has had enough of the CLINTON'S! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp! Debates 3Mz4T7qTTR
She'll say anything and change NOTHING! #MAGA #BigLeagueTruth 6E767Uw6Dj
I will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate  #BigLeagueTruth tuNQePu8Vk
Crooked's camp incited violence at my rallies. These incidents weren't \"spontaneous\" - like she claimed in Benghazi! aCzOgFIfZ2
#CrookedHillary is nothing more than a Wall Street PUPPET! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate skhBWG6AQ3
Brought to you by @HillaryClinton ; her campaign- in Chicago, Illinois. \n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp 10iUBOcECp
. will do more in the first 30 days in office than Hillary has done in the last 30 years! #Debate… GunaVggS0N
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
Crooked Hillary has never created a job in her life. We will create 25 million jobs. Think she can do that? Not a c… 64Kll0Dl7K
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
#CrookedHillary gives Obama an “A” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since WWII... #BigLeagueTruth… wVMFHdyCu2
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR!\n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp kGx88PEpmX
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
#CrookedHillary's plan will add $1.15 TRILLION in new taxes. We cannot afford her! #DrainTheSwamp #Debate jpjKY1IiQh
This is what we can expect from #CrookedHillary. More Taxes. More Spending. #BigLeageTruth #DrainTheSwamp #Debates 5yxnt0gNUF
#BigLeagueTruth jhDLwFez3v
.@HillaryClinton's tax hikes will CRUSH our economy. I will cut taxes -- BIG LEAGUE. EtA1tBnrNG NgMDP4wilI
.@HillaryClinton talking about jobs? Remember what she promised upstate New York. #BigLeagueTruth\n#Debates SmjNuHi7XB
.@HillaryClinton has been a foreign policy DISASTER for the American people. I will #MakeAmericaStrongAgain #Debate… tj6PWM5r1J
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton- you have failed, failed, and failed. #BigLeagueTruth\nTime to #DrainTheSwamp! c2EiyU8XKK
Hillary has called for 550% more Syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical Islamic terrorists.” #Debate… Rf48XkZWbu
Hey @POTUS - WE AGREE!\n#BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp WnofYy60fc
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
TRUMP ; CLINTON ON IMMIGRATION\n#Debate #BigLeagueTruth OP4c7Jc8Ad
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
. wants a SAFE America w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an END to sanctuary cities. He is… 7Ha00c77Gb
Plain ; Simple: We should only admit into this country those who share our VALUES and RESPECT our people. TlJo8dtVjZ
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Hillary Clinton will use American tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. I will put… ZpV33TfbR6
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
#SecondAmendment #2A\n#Debates QbOaf8Dlhs
. is PRO-LIFE, PRO-FAMILY #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 nOqbDBMQFM
It is so imperative that we have the right justices. #DrainTheSwamp #Debates #BigLeagueTruth RHryqijTlu
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
. will PROTECT and DEFEND the Constitution #Debate #BigLeagueTruth #DrainTheSwamp mNTio22WK8
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary Clinton wants to create the most liberal Supreme Court in history #debate #DrainTheSwamp fKJBNXvluh
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
This is an incredible MOVEMENT- WE are going to take our country BACK! #November8th #BigLeagueTruth #Debate BT4VgYTkBr
Tune in at Q08Kp4w3oT and get the word out #BigLeagueTruth #Debate Help us spread the TRUTH, stop the… GS9YQYzF6x
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
UNBELIEVABLE!\nClinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: qQdsMHAtkT
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'\n18McSKO2AY
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!\nZqJmf4yB87 ncJXn6fURF
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… GQizTdCdFC
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp PBPrrEnfSK
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… aDZEfcI7SM
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'\nVvO4lTKsaj
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp \nTickets: TWRFY1ryY8 Zd1KjzlCtJ
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp \nER5FtjZgjw
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp \nMO4SJaQMzo
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp zXvUnJTKhF
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'\n#DrainTheSwamp xxTTZeMYAc
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp \nUtbqlGrYJh
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: KYirBbYjp2 f8Z7olUvlM
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!\nU2XeM2vDJK
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: Qk1fOm1t8L
#DrainTheSwamp \nwqqPjxfBoJ
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE… rVcjXdWxzp
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp xA3YO8YzCq
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp \n5j8WuKLL5o
'Trump rally disrupter was once on Clinton's payroll'\n75oLLuD4SI
Thank you Colorado Springs. If I’m elected President I am going to keep Radical Islamic Terrorists out of our count… N74UK73RLK
FL, KS, ME, MD, MN, NJ, OR ; WV! It's the LAST DAY to mail in voter reg forms. Get the forms at… CbpgL6wynY
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C! Vote Nov. 8th to take down the #RIGGED system! Ox9hH13Q9I
Hillary’s Aides Urged Her to Take Foreign Lobbyist Donation And Deal With Attacks: o2qvr1myIZ
Nevada: A quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! ZnPgnu8vCS gF8ErCzTC1
If we let Crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year America lost its independence. #DrainTheSwamp VpYiO8CnXQ
Pay-to-play. Collusion. Cover-ups. And now bribery? So CROOKED. I will #DrainTheSwamp. FNzMit7mD8
I will Make Our Government Honest Again -- believe me. But first, I'm going to have to #DrainTheSwamp in DC. m1lMAQPnIb
\"@THEREALMOGUL: 41% of American voters believe the  election could be \"stolen\" from DonaldTrump due to widespread voter fraud. - Politico\"
Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO… UIKwWNmwR7
Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.\nlKzas1SqUA
EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:\n6n63fHVvNo
Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide: uKh5sCFfrv
Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election: rVh4ocgx3r
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team: wVJZTjY8bA JUBRu4mqCE
Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #MAGA \nTickets: ktFk8RuaUK
Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a #RiggedSystem! Our country d… kuinRTImVJ
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
\"Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash\"\nqZPPX0LO4X NsWbJN01Uu
\"State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal\" XkmcKeyRPJ
Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami… oEoFIA8Rym
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails\nA3mCNBLCsO
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
Unbelievable. D7kpxlQPwU
🚨BREAKING🚨: \"State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents\"\nGYYaneeysA
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED! FgGxDsS0a1
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
\"@RosieGray: Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump sNEEB2n2TE\"
\"@PrisonPlanet: Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax. tcKzmIKpfS\" Terrible
\"@MarkSimoneNY: Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing: 1iQCMd25Dz\"
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows \"quid pro quo\" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - ; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday!\nGreen Bay- 6pm\n9L917nvCBX\nColorado Springs- 1pm… 972GWZDGEp
“The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted...\" -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty. \nAFtDs7HVlt
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama! xF0wv8Oa8q
Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security? EvBCQoZRG2
A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT! 00s5tgsXrM
They let Crooked ; the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable! eWjHoq20Dw
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
\"@davidshiloach:  Go Mr. Trump! Israel is behind you!\"
Thank you for sharing Amy. StfzCeaQgH
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
Thank you Bangor, Maine! Get out ; #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT A… sUSh8v07MW
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth, New Hampshire w/ 7K supporters. THANK YOU! This is the biggest election of our lifetime… 4otZyjYLc2
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
The truth is a beautiful weapon. P7FrFhicvw
Mr. Trump removing the broken teleprompter in North Carolina-in front of a massive crowd. He goes on;delivers the b… dyNxc1HDTW
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
Will be in Bangor, Maine today at 3pm- join me! #MAGA\nTickets: NY7E1FBOB7 5TN2wvnR7J
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Thank you @TrumpWomensTour!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain R4oxaHpsAB
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina! We are going to have an AMAZING victory on November 8th...because this is all… A7Ql7KuMfT
Make sure you're registered to vote! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! We can't afford more years of FAILURE! All info:… MgV5urLhB0
Thank you for your support Greensboro, North Carolina. Next stop - Charlotte! #MAGA\n3KWOl2ibaW jjde4W1hz2
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN’S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY: \noRUlaT4zbn
Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace ; war. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA… v23jCl4tEQ
Join me live in Cincinnati, Ohio!\n#TrumpRally #MAGA\nMzqgNNVfZb
Join me in Greensboro, North Carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #TrumpRally\nvpLryxCyoq dRra2AqayJ
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
\"This is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not We The People reclaim c… a84WMHpSYy
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!\nOHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL\nTrump 42% \nClinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
Thank you! #MAGA #AmericaFirst fG313wjlKm
Join me in Ohio ; Maine!\nCincinnati, Ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: XlHGD1VrMo\nBangor, Maine - Saturday @ 3pm… DYHPQYBwpK
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the \"incident\" in her story. Because it did not happen!
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 \nTickets:… Bp5iHKbT2d
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ HfihPERFgZ ;… PygIlshrgv
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. \n#CrookedHillary wjsl8ITVvk
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out ;… t9XM9wFDZI
Join me Thursday in Florida ; Ohio!\nWest Palm Beach, FL at noon:\njwbZnQhxg9\nCincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:\n5w2UhalPIx
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary ; CNN FRAUD!
Thank you Texas! If you haven't registered to VOTE- today is your last day. Go to: HfihPEA3Sp ; get ou… gxbDRD4x2k
VOTER REGISTRATION DEADLINES TODAY. You can register now at: HfihPEA3Sp and get out to… LlFdF0DRX4
DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN. 3QSoADFh7S
Crooked's State Dept gave special attention to \"Friends of Bill\" after the Haiti Earthquake. Unbelievable! opP2l8ln0J
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
13 states have voter registration deadlines TODAY: FL, OH, PA, MI, GA, TX, NM, IN, LA, TN, AR, KY, SC.\n\nRegister: wAtnFpN6wL
Wow. Unbelievable. RcBPCcmwnD
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! #VoteTrumpPence16 on 11/8/16- together,… x0197JL5RU
Is this really America? Terrible! WiwC61PIFu
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their \"focus group\" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Debate polls look great - thank you!\n#MAGA #AmericaFirst 4peQ3Sswdz
CNN is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. oFRfNY2rUY
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  \n2llBltf0mE wBmVxf1a9D
RT @mike_pence: Congrats to my running mate  on a big debate win! Proud to stand with you as we #MAGA.
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree  WON the #Debate- BIG LEAGUE! #MAGA EmwDZ32uAZ
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Someone please fact check her coal comments. Give me a break. #debates
RT @TeamTrump: It’s US vs. them!  will fight for you! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
MY PRO-GROWTH Econ Plan:\n✅Eliminate excessive regulations! \n✅Lean government!\n✅Lower taxes!\n#Debates … OchcnuSAgR
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ironic since Hillary has gotten a lot more of that \"dark unaccountable money\" into her campaign. #debates
RT @TeamTrump: \"She calls our people deplorable and irredeemable. I will be a president for ALL of our people.\" -  #BigLeag…
RT @KellyannePolls: After a decent first debate, @HillaryClinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, (woefully untruthful) r…
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
RT @DanScavino: WE LOVE OUR DEPLORABLES!!!\n#TrumpTrain #Debates2016 2Nt9ID3tV7
@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-\n\n\"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING ; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE\" -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
FACT ✔️ on “red line” in Syria: HRC \"I wasn’t there.\" Fact: line drawn in Aug ’12. HRC Secy of State til Feb ’13. 4yZjH3TR5B
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: It's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's LARGEST state sponsor of TERROR. Under Trump: N…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton had her chance and she BLEW IT. #BigLeagueTruth #Debates d2MI0DCg5Y
RT @TeamTrump: \"We are going to be THRIVING again.\" -  #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 CaFOF7jS7k
We cannot let this evil continue! #Debates2016 f6BxYyRJID
This is the definition of ransom ⬇ 370piI2JLp
RT @JasonMillerinDC: Is  debating Crooked @HillaryClinton or the moderators, @AC360 and @MarthaRaddatz? #rattledhillary
The world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when America is strongest. Y2Dx7xyBBs
Here are Hillary Clinton's \"accomplishments\" at the State Department.\n#Debates2016 #RattledHillary iouuqXYAdq
RT @TeamTrump: #RattledHillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service. How about her 30 years of FLOPS↔️FLOPS?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debat…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton is RAISING your taxes to a disastrous level.  is going to LOWER your taxes - BIG LEAGUE! #D…
History lesson: There’s a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one, his nickname is Hone… A5JDkz1eCE
We're going to cut taxes BIG LEAGUE for the middle class. She's raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes!\nZwIkqNH2FX
\"YOU NEED BOTH A PUBLIC AND A PRIVATE POSITION\"\n@HillaryClinton #Debates2016 oI2qi2HAdO
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
I hope when the MSM runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com… pHEjp8bZVP
.@HillaryClinton - ITS CALLED EXTREME VETTING! #Debates2016 ueq7cbOg9Y
.@HillaryClinton #ICYMI- \"WE ARE NOT IN A NARRATIVE FIGHT.\"\n@Mike_Pence #MAGA FUQzXlyPwY
RT @TeamTrump: ONLY  will end what even @BillClinton called a CRAZY SYSTEM. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate cgoqZLDXDV
#CrookedHillary has FAILED all over the world! 􏰀 \n#BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 dalk9JKcFg
RT : ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
.@HillaryClinton is NOT above the law!\n#Debates2016 4arYZcGgYZ
RT @TeamTrump: We agree with Bill, ObamaCare is “the craziest thing in the world.” #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 v2yo6pSYoB
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
Obama and Clinton told the same lie to sell #ObamaCare. #Debates2016 vhOLtHrR66
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you believe @HillaryClinton is the one who owes America an apology! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates KcmDedSUTw
Donald J. Trump's History Of Empowering Women #BigLeagueTruth\noY2YSPz7nB
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
RT @TeamTrump: Quite simply, @HillaryClinton mistreats women. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate2016\nzhgrulIctf wHtwtnCxxQ
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: . is here to talk about the REAL issues #BigLeagueTruth #Debates2016 C5OF7HdJz6
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton just claimed she has a \"positive, optimistic view\" for America. #Debates hOWJYZbD7v
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Join me on #FacebookLive as I conclude my final #debate preparations. gAbNvI8Fd7
The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens....continued:\nd2Upx5FitC
Exclusive Video–Broaddrick, Willey, Jones to Bill's Defenders: ‘These Are Crimes,’ ‘Terrified’ of ‘Enabler’ Hillary \nDMfLsIbtU1
LA Times- USC Dornsife Sunday Poll: Donald Trump Retains 2 Point Lead Over Hillary:\nn05rul4Ycw
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
\"@HenryLeledog:  This Black Democrat is on the \"TRUMP TRAIN\"!!\"
\"@maidaa17:  GOP traitors! Not supporting U is voting for her, destroying America.
\"@CharleneOsbor17:  politicians don't count. It's the people. We are behind trump all the way to White House.\"
\"@eericmyers:   \"Republican leadership\" should have only one job: Help elect the nominee we voted for, Donald J. Trump.\"
\"@Jodygirl1010:  I am a woman who continues to support ; stand with #Trump! #dtmag nFmY3FJuEf\" Thank you.
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:\n9j7f8VK9Md
Tremendous support (except for some Republican \"leadership\"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
RT @atensnut: Hillary calls Trump's remarks \"horrific\" while she lives with and protects a \"Rapist\".  Her actions are horrific.
RT @atensnut: How many times must it be said? Actions speak louder than words. DT said bad things!HRC threatened me after BC raped me.
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Here is my statement. WAZiGoQqMQ
Thoughts ; prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors, and listen… JqjyTiKicD
\"@kevcirilli: Trump speaking in exact same tone he did in Waterville Valley on 12/1. The night I first realized he was gonna be GOP nominee\"
New National Rasmussen Poll: BnAveA5OuP
Thank you Tennessee! #MAGA OoDFmerQ5B
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16! 12zAk8VmgK
'Donald Trump: A President for All Americans' 3lU2vrUE3t
Volunteer to be a Trump Election Observer. Sign up today!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nZzFHlsWnh4
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great group at our Victory Office in Columbus, Ohio. I'm incredibly grateful to have so many… rLJWCAGRlW
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Angie Phillips for inviting me to tour your plant Middletown Tube Works. #Ohio fUKiiEIBXT
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
New Virginia poll- thank you! We are going to show the whole world that America is back – BIGGER, and BETTER, and S… 2CikEXb0G7
Pennsylvania poll just released. Two rallies there on Mon- join me!\nAmbridge: TujWDWcgd3\nWilkes-Barre:… TeIeCttUpP
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:\neO1UY5N9J1
Such a great honor! \nvt4AmLdkeP
Amazing rally in Reno, Nevada- thank you. Make sure you get out on 11/8 ; VOTE #TrumpPence16. Together, we will put… 6gPJhb29xk
Reuters polling just out- thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain UMY6kOiSTu
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain… os7EmRCdPf
EARLY VOTING: MN ; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details ; VOTE!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'\ntzVN9QgPFS
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… dNF8G4VUqY
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… uvbntNsxGl
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! xzJhrLgjHP
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
RT @mike_pence: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. #VPDebate FJ59o5…
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree - @HillaryClinton ; @timkaine are WRONG for America! #VPDebate #MAGA 2MZfFzCo6c
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine's Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue #VPdebate aK4061…
\"@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews\"  So true!
\"@Gsimmons03Ginny:  ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: wWfdaECtVu\n#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
\"@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for \"
.@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: OiAEMnrGcy #VPDebate\n#BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:\n8pRednmnFX #VPDebate
RT @TeamTrump: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:\n-Bad nuclear deal\n-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror\n-Sharing classifie…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton ; @timkaine think you're #Deplorables ; #BasementDwellers.  ; @mike_pence think you're PATR…
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:\nwPYm5vQoyt #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:\nlM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: \nQN9qqoq1kH \n#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. XuWaueNkH0
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth qWkvGFARA1
RT @TeamTrump: We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like @mike_pence ;  in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrut…
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:\nICZxn7Q3vZ #VPDebate
RT @GOP: In @timkaine's own words ⬇️ #Debates2016 PMngoKHUjA
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.\noCIIDwtptV #VPDebate
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE:\nmUw9S5GgNM #VPDebate
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate \n\n\"Police officers are the best of us...\"\n@Mike_Pence
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.\ngEfURjRCfu \n#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: “Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD.\" - @mike_pence #VPDebate #BigLeagu…
\"@GeeVeeM:  @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.\"
RT @TeamTrump: Law enforcement officers bring communities together ; keep us safe. @mike_pence ;  RESPECT ; stand by them!…
RT @seanspicer: .@timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.… wFQM8kg287
\"@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum  good!!\"
\"@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need  #MAGA\"
\"@ifdanyt:  Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
\"@carol_lcnixon67:  Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.\"
\"@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a \"you're fired\" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. \"
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
\"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence ;  are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
\"@Jnelson52722:  @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies\"
\"@elisac006: @nycmia  I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!\"
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked @HillaryClinton #VPDebates #BigLeagueTruth SPOIn8AN8m
\"@bigdog_joey:  @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
RT @mike_pence: There’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. #VPDebate cvv0cK6Fbt
RT @joshrogin: Pence is right. Clinton ; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…
\"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews \"
\"@lainey34210:  Great opening Pence💕\"
\"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi\"
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Join the MOVEMENT!\n3KWOl20zMm BS5JLelPJd
Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE… EwP4hnaeoE
My childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom. #AmericaFirst means… X3Yn3FZphf
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Join me in Reno, Nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #AmericaFirst #MAGA\nTickets: DJ7JJUkkz7
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA\nTickets:… G0NvFLQWgS
Thank you Colorado! #MAGA\n3KWOl20zMm\nM7QhdCgRzw wIGNtKPA2X
We must bring the truth directly to hard-working Americans who want to take our country back. #BigLeagueTruth… 0iAeiPYEhO
Thank you Pueblo, Colorado! \n#TrumpRally #AmericaFirst\n3KWOl20zMm rFAf7xYNhy
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA \nTickets: pWTYv9BbUE
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
\"@trumplican2016: .  There will be MASSIVE turnout for you,  Mr. Trump - These polls don't register the pulse of the PEOPLE!
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio ; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided \"spin\" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians, HRC is not with you. WN1lyCDXla
I believe in #AmericaFirst and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas… RCnZZtTk4c
Thank you Novi, Michigan! Get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8. Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… n7Gd6Xc18H
Thank you for your support - on my way now! See you soon. #TrumpTrain SYuRpzosb5
Join me in Pueblo, Colorado on Monday afternoon at 3pm! #TrumpRally\n3P3QZxzSPJ
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
Why isn't Hillary 50 points ahead? Maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread ISIS, or calling millions of… yKz9vCz8O1
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas ; Arizona papers ; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, don't believe \"sources said\" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an \"angel\" without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying \"sources said,\" DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
While Hillary profits off the rigged system, I am fighting for you! Remember the simple phrase: #FollowTheMoney… 8mVInc82E9
Thank you for joining me this afternoon, New Hampshire! Will be back soon. #FollowTheMoney\nSpeech transcript:… VtUkDgF4vs
Join me in Manheim, Pennsylvania on Saturday at 7pm! #TrumpRally\nTickets: ADOGW34ctF LNWQZ9yUJy
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Will be in Novi, Michigan this Friday at 5:00pm. Join the MOVEMENT! Tickets available at: Q6APf0ZFYA… 6WAyO9eQHN
Join me in Bedford, New Hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. Can't wait to see everyone! #AmericaFirst #MAGA… oeOJFAS7it
Thank you Waukesha, Wisconsin! \nFull transcript of my speech, #FollowTheMoney:\nXb1yyDSNNf WdKK6nJCZW
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA\nG8kGLSFy6S
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… 45kIHxdX83
RT @TeamTrump: \"She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too.\" #Fo…
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou \nVideo:… lBFHoWRqox
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...xeGYL2IzUP
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nTickets: iRL3xh37gF
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox ; Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: 8ZHGyOth0f
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha… VU5wh2zXBU
Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:… dfzsbICiXc
Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today! lWjYDbPHav uYwJrtZkAe
RT @GOP: On National #VoterRegistrationDay, make sure you're registered to vote so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain GKcaLkx8C8 ht…
Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure: \nzhkEfUouHH
'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via @WashTimes. #MAGA\nPGimqYKPoJ
Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support! #ImWithYou vxWZ2tyJTF
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Thank you for your endorsement, @GovernorSununu. #MAGA \n8BEeQPsuyd
Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins!\n#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYou… DV1BKMwHEM
'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via @WSJ: CIJMQJhLqp
Thank you! #TrumpWon #MAGA \na5rr1i38km
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch' NHO1OicfVm
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'\nWWO39kxn8Y
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
Thank you! Four new #DebateNight polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN… 39FCnUf8Pb
.@DRUDGE_REPORT's First Presidential Debate Poll:\nTrump: 80%\nClinton: 20%\nJoin the MOVEMENT today ; lets #MAGA!… B12lgC97tn
Thank you! CNBC #DebateNight poll with over 400,000 votes. \nTrump 61%\nClinton 39%\n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou… MJ3NwA98op
TIME #DebateNight poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you! \n#AmericaFirst #MAGA bTPX9E0wKu
.@newtgingrich just said \"a historic victory for Trump.\" NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Thank you Governor @TerryBranstad! \n#AmericaFirst #Debates2016 yIeZctdQy8
Thank you Governor @Mike_Pence!\nLets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. \n#AmericaFirst… 6k7qP9X8nC
Thank you Senator @TedCruz!\n#Debates2016 #MAGA cgO6109USJ
.@HillaryClinton’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment #DebateNight\nqfZTx6aKYs
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
.@HillaryClinton - Obama #ISIS Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat #DebateNight f7PctDE31L
RT @TeamTrump: . calling out @HillaryClinton's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. #Debates20…
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.
Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. \n❌LIBYA\n❌SYRIA\n❌IRAN\n❌IRAQ\n❌ASIA PIVOT\n❌RUSSIAN RESET\n❌BENGHAZI… OoakXs2rij
RT @TeamTrump: 100% TRUE --&gt;  is right - @HillaryClinton did call TPP ‘the gold standard’ #Debates2016 \nW7L7a9…
Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War. #Debates2016 #MAGA Um5WJXEEKr
.@HillaryClinton's 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage #DebateNight \n6EEOAaCiNv
RT @TeamTrump: Hillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed !…
RT @DanScavino: Jesse Jackson on  - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. \n#DebateNight JTbqO0…
I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans! #Debates2016 #MAGA CX4oEWgEMp
RT @TeamTrump: When  is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED! #MAGA #Debates #De…
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH:  on the stakes in this election #Debates2016 l7DSbPXDGh
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT! x3FBy8Hdq2
A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending! #DebateNight oFlaAhrwe5
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati… 02NMQn3ZNQ
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
RT @TeamTrump: A  Administration will bring JOBS BACK! #Debates2016 4O3rIyycyW
Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?\n#DebateNight iux7icIkaT
RT @DanScavino: Join  on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as @TeamTrump manages rapid response…
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!\n#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
RT @KellyannePolls: #Polls showing  surging, @hillaryclinton #slipping, have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…
New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: 3KWOl2ibaW. \n#TrumpTrain… xDGCwYVK0Q
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the \"King,\" has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:\nVHuyE65hgi 6KDPrQxSED
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!\nSign up: NQEgRxQN2m\n#AmericaFirst… Rz3DkpBQJu
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:… 6pQMSgPWuN
\"@KellyannePolls: Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes   68WEMcuHSO\"
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 4iW06ROvsT
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:… bnEE6NX41Z
'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'\njU3HHglnIu
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers ; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action! #TrumpTrain #MAGA… 05NY0wJHkL
RT @dcexaminer: EXCLUSIVE: How Donald Trump's 30 million followers are crashing the Internet hV2z4yrTU7 lWkjmdyQ7Q
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
This is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nSIGN UP TODAY ; WE WILL WIN! 2XBs5SSRC3
Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm! #MAGA\nuKG55Pznwu
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
\"@ThAllenSBoucher: @DiamondandSilk  @seanhannity I love those beautiful gals.\" D + S = Two amazing women!
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina ; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today ; lets #MAGA!… Y8Sb8MNyXA
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… MQdp4GgLIE
RT @GMA: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on \"women who work;\" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.  rMFe9o6WcL
Hopefully the violence ; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity ; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… Lt2L3NKzyi
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a… AysJRMzvKw
Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation ; I will fight to bring us together… DSaUpSptBz
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Thank you Nevada! #AmericaFirst\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n3KWOl2ibaW RJqHgq2Rn0
Thank you Georgia! #AmericaFirst\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n3KWOl2ibaW y01qpON7h7
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at 3KWOl2ibaW. BF1IqPXNho
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst XhwUGw0v2H
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off' ATBY343pS1
Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont: E5BdTiwlur
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country ; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
\"@TarukMatuk: @CNN @FoxNews  @RogerRice10 Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted.
\"@AngPiazza: @foxandfriends   he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama ; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!! 5Gwi1M5R2t
RT @KellyannePolls: more media #polls showing  ahead in states Pres Obama won twice. EGySAz6Am1
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the @PhillyPolice ; @Penn police officers- in Philadelphia. eyC3W1mweY
\"Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled\"\nzvVQnxeiQ9
A very interesting take from @KatiePavlich: XaM9yEYCHL
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will #MAGA. Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget! 5qTDijU3hn
I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...S9bvbysiOr JJQncd3zhf
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon! #AmericaFirst\n3KWOl2ibaW QWbYm2lY7B
\"@AK_TWEET: #TheDonald's hair gets the #JimmyFallon treatment on #TheTonightShow #TrumpPence16 0RRPbfIgXH\"  So true!
\"@jimmyfallon: Tonight: , @normmacdonald, a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest #MyTeacherIsWeird tweets. #FallonTonight
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation ; job creation! cvu20ZQSVJ
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
RT @EricTrump: What a scary statistic! Americans are working harder and making less! We need competent leadership! jcGCbVOf6v
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York. #MAGA xiu9AUiSSD Fsy1diPWjU
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell! jzUQxkW4tB
Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America! #LESM #MAGA \nMcbc2JzhN2 4MTmR8kXVb
Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon. #MAGA eNtS7IBPDo
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@ghfanlovessonny:  you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016\" Thank you!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon. #MAGA #AmericaFirst\n3KWOl2ibaW 27sR3MjjXc
Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: \n3KWOl2ibaW 4MvwUj9eX9
Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy! 9ahPnfhQ5N
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: s0XVVNyBKf UtCRxykurW
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:\nrsx313493u JxsWXz05T9
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYou\nVideo: z9Yg83VTF4
Great poll Florida - thank you! \n#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst 6Odle7j1hd
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! 0DyHkzzWvj
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!\n4S4pnx4Q6r PLUKlsPXPR
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!\nvxEk0X4ntS 9gAk0FWqZ8
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!\n1DrZpfa6je rzEw8pQhds
RT @LouDobbs: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the @FoxNews App  seems a candidate of destiny https://t.c…
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nTranscript: rntyxBSb9J\n5SWmxfVfto j389Quo4bg
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka penned an Op-Ed that ran in the @WSJ this afternoon, read it here. 3QE4nRXzLZ  https:/…
#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Ne4pI7FyU7
RT @IvankaTrump: Ivanka is joining  to outline an innovative new child care policy to support American families. Tune in to…
Thank you Clive, Iowa!\ntuZ35BkD9J
Join us today! Together, we will \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\nv40n8RXgti e3KQfBR2K8
Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nTickets: TEY6BbCyxt QyR2MDYYbZ
Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon! #AmericaFirst #MAGA\nTickets: TEY6BbCyxt l17uzRPyLs
\"@brimyers813: Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success.\"
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men ; women for their hard work! oGcJL4N454
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
#NeverForget\nG5TMAUzy0z
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
RT @BarackObama: RT if you agree: We need a President who is fighting for all Americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country.
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
\"@Stvzbnk: Just Watched @tonyschwartz. Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job \"
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 3KWOl2ibaW. \n#AmericaFirst vzKtRxzvwv
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n3KWOl20zMm n026nE4XIp
Great honor to be endorsed by popular ; successful @gov_gilmore of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim! x4Y1TAFHvn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou JIlNW7myEN
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
RT @EricTrump: Join @TeamTrump on Saturday for National Day of Action as we work to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! hyclkzPoBR https:/…
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They\nare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you! #ImWithYou #MAGA C5ipaxUN7B
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails ; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. \n#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain FxyBL6fO1h
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou sCOnny1fl3
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
RT @DanScavino: Last nights winner was clear ; it will be proven time ; time again - lets #MAGA!! Lets WIN!! #TrumpTrain sGqp9…
\"A rough night for Hillary Clinton\"  ABC News.
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you America - great #CommanderInChiefForum polls! Rcu6KaRGCB
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country ; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst 6Nwu7EMJ9d
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!\nJCO7Za78tV LYmpRyY0Hq
#AmericaFirst! fQGxwAjXD7
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA\n5FmxGtLkwt
\"@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending  #media bias
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out ; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain HX2LRYs4Vq
Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by @IvankaTrump, @LaraLeaTrump, @GenFlynn ; @MayorRGiuliani. 00GNH9nLet
Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans. #ImWithYou RmQJt0Wxcq
Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm! #VoteTrump \nL8Ui56dcrJ 0ciDCuoFeO
Thank you! #VoteTrump #ImWithYou SCEq9LqTTj
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”\nor coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
\"@Ler: Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!\"
Thank you! #AmericaFirst 6v4C8ykDVl
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama \"the son of a whore.\" Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
Thank you Ohio! #AmericaFirst p68GAJdhwu
Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls. #AmericaFirst cGwDLSOFUt
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence ; I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA r0cwJlV38L
#LaborDay #AmericaFirst\nVideo: RNl7cfzkmN ZqRtbV4KRI
Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! FAldS5zZi5
President Obama ; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
\"@OSPREY675: @Miami4Trump I followed you because you are a patriot ; support , as do I. #MAGA by sticking together.
\"@tweak626: I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a  fan. Love it.\"
\"@ronnieclemmons: @ChrisCJackson @TakouiS   Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big\"
\"@lblackvelvet:  We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!\"
\"@CherNuna:  It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the \"C\" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE \"T\"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
RT @DanScavino: Doesn't fit the MSM narrative - so they wont share what  did for Jesse Jackson in 1999 - so I will! https:/…
\"@AnneBellar:  @CNN CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!\"
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me! L8Ui56dcrJ wAePlfS0JL
Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!\n4Ucx678ZCC
#ImWithYou I8dHzezmY4
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou Gtl7DyQkzt
Great new poll Iowa - thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou 7hupah1RQN
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO! #ImWithYou TUgccsxvoy
Thank you for having me this morning @AmericanLegion. I enjoyed my time with everyone! #ALConvention2016 19TZEi6EbB
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Under a Trump administration, it's called #AmericaFirst! #ImWithYou\nQfHfCQg0Wa
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirst\nG1MuLrjhW9
There will be no amnesty!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nvVhzSdCblA
Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\npSFuPZz0xP
RT @LouDobbs: We are Watching A Leader Who for the First Time in Three Presidencies Will Put America and Americans First! …
RT @AnnCoulter: I hear Churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but Trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given.
Just arrived in Arizona! #ImWithYou\nMT3wW61YS5
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the \"f bomb.\"
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst CWDQnISYH4
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
RT @RSBNetwork: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! #TrumpinEverett \n\nR…
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS POLL:  CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP... htCXcTA5T7
Thank you North Carolina! #MAGA 1oWrFnHe0u
Thank you America! #MAGA\nFljBVvbwKr ePJW9jLckM
\"@meequalsfree: Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!   @mike_pence\"
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon! #ImWithYou\nTickets: 66bfVtIwf1 fDAJl5wVGe
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou\nTickets: 1jATILh2k7 VwKnxo1TNQ
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou IoYMdjvWHf
We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #Obamacare! YzRTPrqrNC
#CrookedHillary vXhcC8PaPy
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
\"@PMNOrlando:  I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  ; she still has room.
\"@RhondaR: Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling @cnn you know racism ; it's not DonaldTrump fSBPxZU8Gu via @BreitbartNews\"
\"@Patrici: Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems wm7HV8WPGk via @gatewaypundit
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
RT @FoxNews: Poll:  vs. @HillaryClinton among white Evangelicals. 6ohwIh1Q24
Thank you Arizona! #VoteTrump v8VLxdd0fO
Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets: ABQGySdcYt sn08gnd0lq
\"@LindaHarden:  America loves Trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day. Stay strong. #TrumpPence2016 #NeverHillary
NATIONAL DEBT \nJanuary 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION\nAugust 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION dKAVaLfGAJ
It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage ; bravery. P4qVGGUYVZ
Thank you Iowa! #ImWithYou 3BIF6jBTkk
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
\"@GoldJazz559: #BlackMenForBernie Leader: #Hillary2016 ‘No Regard For Black Race’ m8952Ly3Jb via @dailycaller #BlacksForTrump
\"@DiamondandSilk: Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump. @CNN, she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border ; WALL!
New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.\n3KWOl20zMm #ImWithYou numII7W99T
Join us via our new #AmericaFirst APP! #TrumpPence16 FccLQSCkDY 0angXB2BrI
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you @TeamTrump Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  lseAAqxjA9
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle \nat 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat: CQTSo2ETJF
Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President: g2N3JJWV8a
\"Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery\" #CrookedHillary D0MeBJXBwN
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth \"SUPER PREDATORS\" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American ; Hispanic communities
The Clinton's are the real predators...\nFr0gFtZVVz
\"@Lewenskimo: Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!\"
\"Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign.\" #FlashbackFriday MJQp0rcnzH
\"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner HHlNGnlGMN via dailycaller\"
\"@foxnation: Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor': e0Hb2rLb1X\"
CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. \nFull speech transcript: npswT6lbg3
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!\nFNbCMmwLTn
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
\"@Trump_Videos: .@Nigel_Farage of the #brexit fame - We CAN do this! We can #MAGA with  1qyuc8ZykJ\"
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall ; enforce our laws!
Thank you for your support!\n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou N8FShwYt2g
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 K5MBAcnfR1
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT ; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! \n3KWOl2ibaW rnU1fkn274
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 7TKpe388Bc
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! \n#MakeAmericaSafeAgain\nEMuSftG6RP\nFHPR44WixX
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ZBnYzNb0eo
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! 8ZBneb0pGk
In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down! U28HNPtjm9 7ImVH69fNb
Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets: iwEAiWKgtR lLyaW6nxsP
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was \"absolutely no connection\" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Great meeting with active ; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio. EUWhDC644R
Statement on Clinton Foundation:\n2twuzrB9om
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
\"@realbill2016:  @Brainykid2010 @shl Trump leading LA Times poll 908uLXCIWz\"
\"@Brainykid2010: @shl  The ad was actually very good!\"
\"@55Lidsville:  #TeamTrump @KellyannePolls You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K\"
\"@SinAbunz_TM:  TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!  #MAGA #TrumpPence16\"
\"@Jimbos2002:  @Morning_Joe Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. pMIHWayMRw\"
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!\npUtN4kFhDK
\"@EyeCandyTMGayle:  please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful\"  Good!
\"@J58golf:  been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!\"
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 IU4JPSi0rZ
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
Thank you @JerryJrFalwell- will see you soon. #TrumpPence16 \nepfSJckcKq
\"@CatOnGlass: 200,000 new followers for . From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so! #MAGA #AlwaysTrump
.@Franklin_Graham @BillyNungesser @SamaritansPurse- so humbled by my time w/ you. You are in our thoughts ; prayers. I6xGsEzlwv
We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.\n#StandWithLouisiana Ob7J2oBWhq
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16 vP3eqF3Zbb
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana ; another speech tonight in MI.
We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up. XoDkW5X3Wy
Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nY19nUKkYTc
Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! aENuIvrUrS
#CrookedHillary #ThrowbackThursday v8J0r64J7h
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! 7nReqYM7FF
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nFi7yEb2XQb
We will repeal ; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! NNMyTJo6i6
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, ; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou\nEph6qy7zyB
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou\nN9XNoGNcqc
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker ; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nIdJBuaKMwK
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou \nTickets: vDag45zrDc
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou\nVideo: AIa2Z9po2h qqSfOfgdap
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou\nTranscript: YlATGI2Ph6
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....\nCont: SXp7efXEZU
This is my pledge to the American people: Jb21oyNfxt
'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%' EzDzJ4EzIN
Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #Obamacare plans.' Only the beginning! YqfaEvg8c3
#AmericasMerkel QFRs4bEUC1
\"CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION.\" COZQNt6KVs
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain \nbgBGPaKaqI
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
\"Stay on message\" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not \"freedom of the press\" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
\"@zulu_out: You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #USA Loves U\" Thanks
\"@PaulaDuvall2: We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!\" Nice
\"@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!\"
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
\"@willspeakout: Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you! #TrumpTrain\" Thanks
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 5hZp7PnRoT
Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you! #MAGA WNDAagFRRS
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! AKIHQW4ljd
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. mjTScP4sZ2
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! vzZZ6M5K9t
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! xI4qjds5fP
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.  We must put #AmericaFirst. R751UfHQ0A
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
\"@laurencristmann: Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with @C_Lynne_Ryan your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm\"
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) \"the founder\" of ISIS, ; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! uHiGJ6Pe3E
\"@EnemyWithinn:  @elsolarverde @nytimes People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump.\" That would indeed be nice!
\"@elsolarverde: THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST  TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton RW5UcWLfA8\"
\"@SheriffClarke: G9R9CGhf8q Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only  will change it\"
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! fSKOf0Jz9K
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing @CNN turns everyone off. The American people get it! a1A6XMfYx1
Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain cjivzdRpU1
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
\"@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.\"
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 8rWz6p1Ged
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \ng7ivluiyF2 RQUKD6sjno
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by \"low ratings\" @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners ; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA\nwnpVlq6oe4 32gdX684ew
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! 9yicUxd87D
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad ; irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
\"@dbongino: ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED! UgtfaUXzcr\"
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16\nYmdH3fcaeW
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16\nRMtU6aRZTQ
Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain ZnnaSPF5or
RT @NRA: But there IS something we will do on #ElectionDay: Show up and vote for the #2A! #DefendtheSecond #NeverHillary
RT @NRA: . is right. If @HillaryClinton gets to pick her anti-#2A #SCOTUS judges, there’s nothing we can do. #NeverHillary
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 2/2  How many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…
RT @Carl_C_Icahn: 1/2   Believe Trump gave a great speech.
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. RBLII8rIfo
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. fwU0jMcB1m
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. szAygwbchK
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. J3NzuVpruI
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC.  4ccXAY5ZNo
Act NOW for your chance to have a private lunch with Eric Trump ; tour of campaign HQ at Trump Tower in NYC. dDA0CZWdYF
\"@LinHen23:  @foxandfriends Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help #MAGA #NeverHillary\"
\"@sprts08:  @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016\"
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
RT @FieldofFight: We Can Do Better, We Must Do Better, We Will Do Better \nBy LTG (R) Keith Kellogg and LTG (R) Michael Flynn @GenFlynn http…
'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.' I2WqZb5N8P i5S3mtJWpe
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
Thank you Newt!  Acg0hMvrpr
Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo! R5Z4CGfjqJ XGSIJJQiGJ
Thank you Senator David Perdue!\nd0dCUZ20jf LmfiGByFPb
Thank you @RepLouBarletta!\nbre8u93vac eKtSXUw51R
Thank you @NFIB- together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  wQQIHQKsdK
Thank you!  4p0hzpkVWF
Thank you Alex!  c2uIa7mndP
RT @NFIB: .@NFIB encouraged by ’s #taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate: JCQCvXj9WC
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at: Z80d4MYIg8
#ICYMI: \"Will Media Apologize to Trump?\" ia7rKBmioA
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, \"the baby\" and so much more. Very dishonest!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: CLINTON EMAIL LED TO EXECUTION IN IRAN? 4rY1faptL6
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
Thank you Windham, New Hampshire! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA ZL4Q01Q49s
.@Larry_Kudlow - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'\nYbqkhWNm0g
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
#CrookedHillary is not fit to be our next president! #TrumpPence16 \nI0zJO2sZKk
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book \"The Art of the Deal\" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! wzsE7SoGUG
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book \"The Art of the Deal\" for your donation of $184 or more. Get YOURS today! pvNwKWlFy1
Anybody whose mind \"SHORT CIRCUITS\" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word \"BRAINWASHED.\"
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she \"SHORT CIRCUITED\" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
Good luck #TeamUSA\n#OpeningCeremony #Rio2016 mS8qsQpJPh
'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'\nXbnZ5vktGk
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor @Mike_Pence and I will be back soon. #TrumpPence16 #MAGA qsYbyrm3UR
DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!\n#TrumpPence16\n1mGkPNZPKF
Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor @Mike_Pence and I appreciate your support! #MAGA #TrumpTrain gr6tGqqmcm
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  Q96e1Npa5d
I'm with YOU! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! XT3U5mY0oc
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! r1ySXDJ1Wq
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain 5yuLKyh8Q6
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: FORMER HOSTAGE SAYS PLANE WAITED UNTIL MONEY ARRIVED... Uo0MS6w9OQ
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 'Win-lose deal that benefits Iran and hurts United States'... zqpeNCouXc
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! pteWtMjXVO
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. IBt9JpYh7p
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! DGMxQYUm7s
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary. Let's Make America Great Again! bwxirLtPXY
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 4GWAHgf8us
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. XcqwGHAUue
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! NTDm6xfREg
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! FgPFo1NWiC
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again!  c7Ekrgn9jx
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! laUdwGO1aX
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst. GMYEWngo2y
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! u2WQondgqm
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! k1ZvNC3YAC
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! 0KL9McborU
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people! 98Vtqu4i7n
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. We must put #AmericaFirst.  jMgAETgW6U
We need your support to get to the White House and defeat #CrookedHillary.  Let's Make America Great Again! J7ICZN3Bus
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! Eb6jr4nbj3
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! im2J6xXq1u
I'm with YOU. I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again!  wotYvx6Prz
I am counting on your help to defeat Hillary Clinton and her cronies. Let's Make America Great Again! z3pzKBfP0U
Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.\n3EzG620fpT
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President. jsAMGO3s4P
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
See you tomorrow w/ Gov. @Mike_Pence, Iowa ; Wisconsin! \n3pm- 3Hcnzj0Slx\n7pm- sEwLWkn1Sz UODSMp0oTo
Thank you Portland, Maine! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \noVfF28rWL5 RhblAXkNPw
Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you @USCG! #CoastGuardDay hr4O8Xgq2R
Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors ; counting here in Maine, thank you! @MaineGOP  Iui1F2z9ca
Looking forward to IA ; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us! #MAGA\n3Hcnzj0Slx\nsEwLWkn1Sz 0Ei3EdQdXB
Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nxrTQjt9WOC VSnBoQYoZs
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou \nAl5bZlRFYk
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA QoxJf4Xzbc
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain IAcLfXe463
RT @mike_pence: Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!\n\nDenver- 2pm\n8VbvJYDa4F\n\nColorado Springs- 6pm\nhttps:/…
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
My daughter @IvankaTrump will be on @Greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! QySC5PLFMy
Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset' vVcAzY2zcp
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
RT @gatewaypundit: Democrat Fire Marshal Turns THOUSANDS of Trump Supporters Away at Columbus Rally TO8oE5cv8Z via @gatewaypun…
#ICYMI: John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company: d0LfyiBlvX I5fF3didZs
#CrookedHillary xe0I0EmxMa
Join me in Florida tomorrow! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n\nDaytona | 3pm- \njbOS2s4qGI\n\nJacksonville | 7pm- \nXSF1kp7R54
STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP: SPgFIFuSO7
Thank you Virginia! #ImWithYou 9inCh1BVwM
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book \"The Art of the Deal\" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! 4LnzfKRsqZ
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book \"The Art of the Deal\" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today!  KpVEN635SH
LIMITED EDITION signed copies of my book \"The Art of the Deal\" for your donation of $184 or more.  Get YOURS today! NNOM5GANxD
The Washington Post calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow! FsrUGByuuD
Great afternoon in Ohio ; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! jQTQYBFpdb
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA RbuXfDZ5w9
RT @DanScavino: . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. #TrumpMovement #MAGA🇺🇸 https:…
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona ; Jacksonville:\n\nDaytona | 3pm- rJjYUbwiLL\nJacksonville | 7pm- zfxeNbr1nq
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard. EHRiLkQDWD
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays ; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN. gJYSSXtpaz
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA iYM3CCWS2z
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA vMf1EPJp4r
Thank you Oklahoma ; Virginia! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou WUdY7feRvV
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at: 4nLjRGyFYw
#CrookedHillary \noHI6xrDJU0
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is \"not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down,\" I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
\"@RealJamesWoods:  Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance. #VoterFraud and #MSM her only hope.\"
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our \"leaders\" to eradicate it!
We crushed the original goal! I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal!  n6W9Dm6FqY
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
NATO commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:\nVZLDFy707K
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The \"Rust Belt\" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. y9WJoUaaql
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two \"Big Thursdays\" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
#CrookedHillary xyoPFJmByp
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! fUTugI2R2k
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
While I am in OH ; PA - you can also join @Mike_Pence in Nevada on Mon!\n\nCarson City: 28G3RVbFsn\n\nReno: 4nLjRGyFYw
Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio ; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA\n\n3pm in OH: DDg0AUsqRq\n\n7pm in PA: VmSLBvL43l
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!' yI4Q8FHRjp
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, \nNAFTA/TPP support ; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
\"@patrioticpepe:  ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 yB72Bm2muM\"
Thank you Denver, Colorado! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 1KHrLdkOyW
As usual, Hillary ; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
#CrookedHillary Job Application CKXkAlGSiV
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement ; insticts.
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #LESM glxTQYAQiN
Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out ; VOTE #TrumpPence16 in November! wK02fWzJey
\"Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal.\" 6a7Ef12giZ
Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD! LPk1OkwH9P
Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!\n\nColorado Springs: HgFW7IRtz9\n\nDenver: aE5P9jNcFC
What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton. VgMaAsZBep
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse. #TrumpPence16 WdHbnhhCbW
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Thank you! \n\nFacebook: nmlRJqzA7S\n\nInstagram: 5gDeluaBXG Pw7GS8R9Gg
Crooked Hillary said that I \"couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign.\" Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
\"Little\" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Join @mike_pence at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets: DvP8p7ueNU
\"@AnnCoulter: \"I believe in science\" Dem code for \"we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing\"\"
CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: \nRNW3ED2ifR
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and \"forgot\" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! fUTugI2R2k
Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT! ezrqVqPtta
I will once again write a $1 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!\n\n CgHp1CqPSp
#CrookedHillary JeXFnO6e3s
As President, I WILL fix this rigged system and only answer to YOU, the American people!  aE4cuEQBFQ\nhjYzQvwMaC
\"Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win\"\nX3xHtjhHpB
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with @JerryJrFalwell joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA A5IF0QHnic
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
AMERICA'S FUTURE\nxymiA0Az7x
Bernie caved! xtcOnA8cw1
\"@LallyRay: Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart bVAj52fA3Y \"  Great!
RT @mike_pence: Good morning! Join me in Lima, Ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm. #MAGA\nTickets: sNfhyGeaAH
RT @piersmorgan: Trump makes a funny, obvious joke about Russia going after Hillary's emails ; U.S. media goes insane with fury.\nHe plays t…
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Obama Refers to Himself 119 Times During Hillary Nominating Speech... TyJI2DuqEk
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
\"@trumplican2016:  @DavidWohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE\"
\"@DavidWohl: Barack is offended that  will demand that #NATO allies pay their fair share. #DemsInPhilly\"
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
Join me live in Toledo, Ohio!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nruEvMGx4C9
#CrookedHillary lwi9gqDEHE
Thank you Pennsylvania!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nbbv3EhGs5x bbroAGTdMw
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   rSEcsjiNFb\nybFOV3gh0l
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA UEZorOQhTw
\"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far\"\n1noCe9W6Ru
Great new poll - thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain mXovx0TLPC
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight ; Michigan Thursday!\n\nMI: daR2xIhCEs\nWI: LKc7e4VZkB
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to \"carpet bomb\" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said \"Trump is a genius.\" America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. \neoNTWK6I8y
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! CWfECeUSSq
I'm with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! LwxMIAn0kK
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! ajAJ13xQvr
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS ; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Thank you New Hampshire! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain KRCdV77BQp
Join us in Toledo, Ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #TrumpPence16 #MAGA\nTickets: ERNRrksikq zmGZauCnQF
Join us tomorrow in Scranton, Pennsylvania at 3pm!\n#TrumpPence16 #MAGA \nTickets: 4FTydj8s9U 7zMKhhMmhp
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16\nNOF9Td9BHs WPMBkYjuIm
Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16\nrwxXhfFsn1 HwqI2iGPDu
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16\n4O4yjh7X4O cptBaZbV1v
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nEXsoUOsEP4 3ji7a14GSw
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her \"servant\" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pzs9uwgzam
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS ; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive ; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders \"political revolution.\" He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\n#TrumpPence16 gCzHX1nyxD
\"@NancyNielsenn:  Dinesh D'Sousa Hillary's America. see it\"
\"@OliMauritania:  Kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals 0FFeKTsuJn #HillaryKaine2016\"
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
\"@Theresa_Cali:  General Michael Flynn will make a great Secretary of Defense when you become POTUS! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain\"
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage ; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #RNCinCLE\nKH2ZFHUHGP
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16 E6ZtVjSQZa
You can watch 360 video live from the podium! yqcIsBUdAi #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This is a MOVEMENT! #RNCinCLE bdox6JcrAp
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! V92PkdHbG6 FhWHekyU4Q
I’m with you! I will work hard and never let you down. Make America Great Again! V92PkdHbG6 SQs6ERk6El
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr. Proud of you! #RNCinCLE #TrumpPence2016 gobSNWughP
We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! Ssrh55C6hW 8E0LiC8wYE
We’ve just set a new goal: raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by MIDNIGHT! Ssrh55C6hW 9Hd6dRcojF
Great job @IvankaTrump! #RNCinCLE\nswsAKE11F0
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now!  3lUaSztKYx
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you!\n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE S7IHXDrmsJ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! qL9rjb7OsD
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Our next Vice President of the United States of America, Gov. @Mike_Pence!\n#GOPinCLE #GOPConvention\n#AmericaFirst TZT3XcKp1c
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
Great job @EricTrump! Proud of you! \n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE\nEE7C6XKDkt 946U6bgREQ
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! 3lUaSztKYx ssNVgF7PTt
Limited opportunity to get your OFFICIAL Trump gear! Shop now! LQMDdNkUwR KSAv65FuiD
Thank you @ScottWalker! #AmericaFirst \n#RNCinCLE k2Poy3gGvQ
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive  updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Thank you @IngrahamAngle! #AmericaFirst cv3I3xRSOK
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE \nPvdTA8HTCC
Watching the #GOPConvention\n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! Ssrh55C6hW 2KjT4TJ07Y
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH\nuzBOm21Pug
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain \n#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE \nbsUp4MSysD mYBjp03XYf
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain\n#TrumpPence16 #RNCinCLE \nxlB2C1cpKp 5Kv03luMZW
\"@RoxaneTancredi:  Democrats are coming to TRUMP. I used to be proud of the dem party. No more It is crooked and not for the people.\"
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain!\n#GOPConvention #RNCinCLE \nQniZIsGrG8 Kvq6r6WkQ1
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
Thank you Mahoning County, Ohio! See you soon! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain \nTNJMUKImpK iFdqRvaL3q
RT @foxandfriends: STILL AHEAD:  joins us at 7am/et! #RNCinCLE TzGbDs88b3
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
\"@60Minutes: DonaldTrump and his running mate @Mike_Pence to appear on #60Minutes in first joint interview. CBS lZH7qw9qmu\"
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to...\npPNrzG8kEa
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
\"@TrumpDoonbeg: Great news! We've been nominated for Ireland's Best Golf Hotel 2016.We would appreciate your vote! 5uEBphqdG9\"
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! swzCe5PiNI 0fmgNBuAcc
Donate Today To Help Make America Great Again! You Can Help Stop Crooked Hillary Clinton! VlObaDG4eR mBDwW5orrd
Thank you! #TrumpPence16 RHprMCsGT6
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O ; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! \n#ImWithYou 3KWOl2ibaW miT4atHxQz
Great new poll- thank you America!\n#Trump2016 #ImWithYou aVH9c5QRwc
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. teoVCYXKOR
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most \npro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, ; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! BcoPrwqFMe
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou M1yzgyeEdY
Thank you! #ImWithYou 6XkUQ0W4QS
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 Jmkah9wGaA
Thank you Iowa- see you soon!\n#Trump2016 #ImWithYou \ngva0MbgnuO PE1jdqZysc
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
The American people agree. No free pass for #CrookedHillary! lTjLVKkzh1
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals ; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
#CrookedHillary is not qualified!\n6qi7KTW43O
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order ; safety - or chaos, crime ; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nlb5ViCDH0g roVn7pAVfy
Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued..qVwfjgCHU7
Speech on Veterans' Reform:\nXB7RMwesMK
Great poll- Florida! Thank you! 4FuPpL5WOM
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
Join me in Westfield, Indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #Trump2016 \nTickets: Jj9TmSEoOd Rq6YRHlpib
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
New poll - thank you! #Trump2016\nMi87Vmw06H WmqvcYG4r3
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!\nm0AJWlV8nm P0GleHEmJy
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers...mwzYU98yTt
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Thank you Speaker @PRyan!\n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016  PPsyxGPdFc
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  fxlVgfAA1l
Thank you Rep. Collins! #Trump2016 zkmPywMDxg
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Great being in Cincinnati, Ohio last night- thank you! Off to Washington D.C. now. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst sryJgRyd56
Where is the outrage for this Disney book? Is this the 'Star of David' also? \nDishonest media! #Frozen 4LJBpSm8xa
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. Xv8Q1GuWiH
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...KO64IAMDgj 8CBSfNpl2l
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team \"were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.\" Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with \"murder.\" Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. \"Special: Meet the Trumps\" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is \"guilty as hell\" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Happy 4th of July! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst Ndb3AQrLtY YhHyQjwJW6
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting \"go away, no pictures.\"
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about \"grandkids\" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
\"THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!\"
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged ; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
Thank you @greta. #ImWithYou SLdqNhD4Tm
Thank you for your support!\n#AmericaFirst #LeadRight2016  a6f6xZNrym
RT @GOP: Reminder: last year, Clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ⬇️ X4R7LnsSoy
Thank you! #AmericaFirst MYG45LxGmH
If I become the next POTUS- they will not be ignoring! #AmericaFirst \n97R0cQdnGI
Crooked Hillary -- Makes History! \n#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst PKQhYhMmIX
The #2A to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep ; bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. sqe12D0MBJ
#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou iEcnnlJ728
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware \"the event had to be held in Cleveland\" - a total lie. These people are sick!
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst Vd2A747L29
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit in Colorado! #ImWithYou #WCS16 \nlK3UW4fY2q QDQhRRuBbG
Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst ravfFT5UBE
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here. #AmericaFirst \nXDGKaj0ico
Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father, shot at by a Palestinian terrorist, was killed while:\nCv1HzKVbiT
Horrible killing of a 13 year old American girl at her home in Israel by a Palestinian terrorist. We must get tough. zauQ6kb9Hj
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
#ThrowbackThursday #Trump2016\ngFtspBViXe
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
One of the reasons Hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out America. \nmO9QrmYXRD
Why would college graduates want Crooked Hillary as their President? She will destroy them! \nS80xxdeHfG
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
The story with Hillary will never change. h0Av3TAIiM
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 43-39 TkQYb6V2do
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
\"@Gengm7: @jakeda  As of April this year, Hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her campaign Mr.Trump $55,000,000. self funding\"
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! y4n4nERPFr 7LAPewxE05
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 dL5ahNcwZb
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
\"@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need  now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe\"
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will\nthe world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for\nthe future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just\nnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
Check it out - 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here: \n5mtwkOvQnd \n#CrookedHillary #Trump2016
\"@kridan1: Canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over Clinton ... Listened to your great speech on YouTube\"
\"@bluedogdemky: @CWAUnion @iowa_trump @RichardTrumka @AFLCIO This is why I would think the unions would support  for #POTUS\"
\"@arnold_ziffel: @AnnCoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as  was speaking. #UPUPUP\"
\"@Patricia_Graf:  @GovBrewer @cvpayne let's get Trump supporters out in massive numbers and make America Great Again - create jobs\"
\"@vegas_sports: Good for  he's smart on business. Maybe If corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay. Voting for #Trump
\"@GovBrewer: I'll be a guest today on Making Money with @cvpayne on @ Fox Business 6 PM ET / 3 PM PT Discussing . Tune in!\"
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
\"@LindaSuhler: Trump voters don't scare or back down. Our numbers are growing ; we're taking our country BACK. #Trump2016🇺🇸 #MAGA
\"@w4djt: \"Under a Trump presidency, America will make brilliant new trade deals!\" —Donald Trump #dtmag NpYI9i4iSG\"
\"@brazosboys: Hillary read \"sigh\" off the Teleprompter, She's so fake she has to be told how to feel: ENXliW2m77 @FoxNews
\"@JimVitari:  @ABC @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary. I'm sure u will crush #CrookedHillary in general\"
The \"dirty\" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Attacks Foreign Government Donations - While Ignoring Her Own: pr3BSHJSxL
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
Top 50 Facts About Crooked Hillary Clinton From Trump 'Stakes Of The Election' Address: lfUdXYnsgJ
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thank you to everyone who came out ; joined us @TrumpTurnberry yesterday! @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr hQ1JTMrUtG
On the 13th tee box @TrumpScotland with my grand daughter, Kai! @DonaldJTrumpJr 7ii4KUfsab
Arriving @TrumpScotland with @DonaldJTrumpJr ; @EricTrump. Back to New York tonight. \nVideo: 2GUKqOTHS5
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
\"@Jolena3:  And we will get it back once we have President Trump! Can't wait!\"
\"@DarrenWaggener:  What has happened in the UK in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in November..vote TRUMP 2016
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for...dpIDejXzJw
New Government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than 3M new legal ; illegal immigrants settled..hMFyZc1kAM
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free ; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, ; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave ; brilliant vote.
Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership\nGwWRxT3BVp
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton. NdGQI6Dnji
Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou \nsb1Ag1Eb27
Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  pNSgSjD5gW
CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  KR7OnS8h6s
RT @ScottAdamsSays: Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed:  P7fHEMP6U…
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers\n; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama ; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, ; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic ; African-American workers.
RT @FoxBusiness: .@JerryJrFalwell: \"I was so impressed by ['s] speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him.\" https…
Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families\n#CrookedHillary \nYWd5lk5skG
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama.\"  --  Donald J. Trump
\"Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.\"  --   Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been \"disqualifying.\"
\"@AllegrettiVicki: You have great children, future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father.\" Thank you.
\"@1lion: brilliant 3 word response to Hillary's 'I'm With You'  slogan dJL71jwK0g  Audi8h85qu\"
\"@justininglv:  great speech today!! It's all about America and that's why you will become president!!!!\"  Thank you.
#Imwithyou tan8BmAuR8 5EZ7X1ZZKh
#Imwithyou iY4K7Wcw3C
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
\"@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs  @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers\" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty ; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am \"the king of debt.\"That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T.  They have bankrupted… 1COtt0RPY7
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as\nSecretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
\"@bfraser747: Watch out HillaryClinton 👿 Support  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸 UTYOLo7wGF\"
Yesterday's failing @NYTimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed! iFuf8MdTEH
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
Donald Trump's Speech Is a Game Changer. #Trump2016\nVXjtSivvuU dIK3IyrYGC
See you soon Arizona! #Trump2016 W4z2eW5ay4
I love you Arizona! Thank you!\n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst QuTsSmeVdO
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!\n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst vN4K8FvQNT
Thank you Las Vegas, Nevada!\n#Trump2016 #AmericaFirst \nvhGwmhGCVR m1EIra7YMU
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona today at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst PVB6QX7VpK hSaIurAfvD
Thank you Houston, Texas! \n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 \n593p8uRPhq
Thank you! #AmericaFirst  TZf8uwQO4L
The convention in Cleveland will be amazing!  NlF2Gcr915
Thank you- on my way!  uTCXPbWpve
Thank you @DallasPD!  ORJyN4FsNI
Join me in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst\nPVB6QX7VpK B51r30Mazd
THANK YOU! #AmericaFirst qp07UfnnjM
RT @robertjeffress: Honored to pray for my friend, , at tonight's Dallas rally. #TrumpDallas c: @DanScavino Bc…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
\"@VoteTrumpMAGA: The media attack on  is relentless. They are desperate. But, they keep #Trump in the news - a good thing.
Thank you Dallas, Texas! \nui9tSfMcS8 2iYArmM7oN
Houston, TX:\nnvHRnfi2N7\n\nLas Vegas, NV\nksU8AGrFBS\n\nPhoenix, AZ:\nPVB6QX7VpK 2ToWwthEeF
Join me in Houston, Texas tomorrow night at 7pm! Tickets: nvHRnfzEbH Yd3f8xLpPl
RT @Reince: Flying to Dallas now with ...Reports of discord are pure fiction. Great events lined up all over Texas.  Rs wil…
\"Donald Trumps Speech Is a Game Changer.\" VXjtSivvuU J777QHdYa3
The trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies Clinton supports. I will fix it fast- JOBS! jaGeN4u50U
McAllen, Texas- 8 miles from \nU.S. - Mexico border. #Trump2016 \nVideo: pQ4nSTnVrK dKBTP1QjH3
\"@realericjallen:  is a Common Sense Conservative! President Trump=Competence, Safety, Unity, ; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
RT @AnnCoulter: Trump's speech today was Churchillian, only better.  You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about .
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!\n0nNKEBSd73
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!\n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 \nfX0kXZUNqz c7sCbHDAQh
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst cVJvfcoGOt
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump \"may have insinuated about @POTUS.\" But he's right: bIIdYtvZYw
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst R29WMGNLGG
TONIGHT! NORTH CAROLINA:\nUolRS3aT6W\n\nWEDNESDAY! GEORGIA:\n1JJ2Kn0ani\n\nSATURDAY! NEVADA:\nx3w1PHtLXP
RT : HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! mXsxkfcstC
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the @USArmy! THANK YOU! mXsxkfcstC
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016\nTickets: 1JJ2Kn0ani cyARlHSEFU
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on- cont'd: T1fVcu3mEC
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation- cont'd: t31ReRSzzy
I thought people weren’t celebrating? They were cheering all over, even this savage from Orlando. I was right. DrVa65X9rI
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign, we are hereby:  THKJwjNkaz
I am no fan of President Obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony Washington Post is: cITm8BPixD
RT @AnnCoulter: Anyone who plans to talk about Trump ever again has to see this speech.  Your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to…
TERRORISM, IMMIGRATION, AND NATIONAL SECURITY SPEECH- TRANSCRIPT: WD1LGFKx3M T7yHSdCeU8
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
\"@WandaWalls20:  Please make us safe. We cannot have Hillary as president. We will be in so much trouble.
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted \"Allah hu Akbar!\" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness ; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims ; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart ; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Riley Rone was a great young man. We will miss him dearly. R0tm44nMao
Join me on Tuesday- in Greensboro, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst iaL5IGTfV3
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst ttLMgInkdA
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #AmericaFirst qWaTT9jsQD
Thank you Tampa, Florida!\n#AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain fY4QVoSSfj
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
In Tampa, Florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 04qqpGylT7
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Thank you Richmond, Virginia! \n#Trump2016 SxU4yzCLQf
Thank you @FaithandFreedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.\n#RTM2016 #Trump2016 Ye6IhOW6ZM
Heading to Richmond, Virginia now. Join me tonight! #Trump2016\nTickets: I2CJSqiKGN
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary pvrBb7v4NG
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!\naOvVsZfAW3
2004 VIDEO:\nPocahontas describing Crooked Hillary Clinton as a Corporate Donor Puppet. Time for change! #Trump2016 \nrZ1MqUzpKU
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
\"Donald Trump Plans To Continue GOP\nLegacy Of Leading On Women’s, Civil Rights Against Racist, Sexist Democrats\" \nnEPqAYw1G5
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Join me! \n6/10: Richmond, VA - 8pm\n6/11: Tampa, FL - 11am\n6/11: Pittsburgh, PA - 3pm\n6/13: Portsmouth, NH - 2:30pm\nkv624y9UOm
\"@Ausbiz:  RECORD 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign. You will be a great POTUS ; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@FoxNews: .@JamesRosenFNC: \"Never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @TheJusticeDept.\" fX5bs8fzac
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
\"@FreemarketSara: Trump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes - A Record ... Congratulations  zdOEle8wOL\"
Join me! #Trump2016\n\n6/10: Richmond\nI2CJSqAlyl\n\n6/11: Tampa\n6jk33orxXG\n\n6/11: Pittsburgh\nbwgL1ZXtC7
Thank you Roseanne, very much appreciated. COXEJ1In8D
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted? gECLNtQizQ
A message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv: \niulXLEANei
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
\"@KathyCeurter:  please Mr.Trump make @SenatorJeffSessions your VP. He is a perfect running mate.\"  He is a great guy!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
\"@mabynshingleton: JohnKasich, the VOTERS have spoken.We want . You AGREED to support NOMINEE. Get on board or leave @GOP\"
\"@Dale_Dangler:  You will be the greatest president the world has ever seen\"  Thanks.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
\"@nauthizjane:  Congratulations Mr. Trump.\"  Thank you!
\"@setfire2flames: Senator Sanders spent more than  yet lost.\"
RT @seanhannity: Graph: 's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 vNpfaSZ8…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 \n42OpVsjXjp
\"@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING  &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA\"
\"@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, ;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!\"
\"@sara_wejesa:  Great speach!!!!!!!\"  Thanks!
\"@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing  on @MikeAndMike is awesome. \"Number one presidency of all time\"
\"@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you\"
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
\"@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for , at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
\"@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make  right one more time? zjWKGMDgzi\"
\"@DjD_Thunder: Standing by  all the way to the White House! z4X1o5xHBh\"
Thank you California! #Trump2016 \nGusL2UPrX2 H6D25S1TR5
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016\nwNOY8Pc2kM osWzVxNkJx
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 \nGbRTQdxIj4 pNqwOrY0ZB
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016\nPgIYkHLGtI MyJMOKdpJ9
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016\nrOvTapLnWG PyHiy7vjO6
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
Thank you! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 7Jk6voyzue
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC ; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
See, when I said NATO was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.sRCF1H3rjg
RT @IvankaTrump: My next project is pretty amazing…!\nxx, Ivanka Ucq3dz20sQ f60biSURQ7
Thank you Diamond and Silk! qdsLUy2hqD
Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6, 1944. od7vsDMlHY
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
\"@sareed59:  Our ineffective #POTUS has to make a speech in #Elkhart to make everything look great. Mr. Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Thank you Attorney General Gonzales, so many people feel this way. \nfMR8YYiiMz
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
\"@Don_Vito_08: Thank You Mr. Trump for Standing up for Our Country! #VoteTrump2016 JOIN ME ON THE #TrumpTrain🚂 zgopGvSEen\"
\"@rapidcraft: Here’s The HILLARY UNIVERSITY Scandal No One In The Media Is Talking About suHERIUHo4 \"
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
RT @CBSNews: WATCH NOW: The  supporters you'd never expect jKeVJX5u73 pbft0Eq3Y1
Thank you Redding, California!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #CAPrimary nFiydpTpPn
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
\"I'm a former chief of police in a border town. I'm Hispanic, I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump.\"\n8YtBU7j17m
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
\"@fivestarr6028: Yes! Hubby and I voted 4  already! h1iHiJNUjm\" Thank you.
\"@LiliannyLeebou: I think the first female president of the USA will be @IvankaTrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!\"
\"@LunsfordWhitney: This is rich coming from her. She tweeted you will be president! #Women4Ttump #Trump2016 2GSGfLS1yT\"
\"@angeloftruth11: Clinton says Trump is dangerous. Who's the one who killed 4 Americans in Benghazi?  ZV5ehm6NKR\"
\"@Crz4basball: @JudgeJeanine   Looks like several legal Hispanics supporting Trump! They know he will be good for them too.\"
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016\nTickets: tyllhxJHC7
.@Natalie_Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in @SInow / @Golf_com.\nKeep up the great work! JCZPCFx10X
RT @IvankaTrump: Beautiful article about  written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis:\nhttps://t.co…
\"@RobertMordica:  Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time.\" THANK YOU!
\"@Valenti317:  she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her.\"
\"@TaylorEdwards99: THIS IS @POTUS'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED  NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016 lBgZJg0zd1
\"@free_SA_BD:  A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country.\"
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews ; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nTickets: jLQukR550J OrEhKJZ5Rd
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
\"@HaloDad22:  I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems
\"@SCPioneer: @stockdaleism @JamesRosenFNC @FoxNews  Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took.\" Thanks.
Thank you Sacramento, California! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain t75Zxn9L6f
Same failing @nytimes \"reporter\" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\njLQukR550J Uds8OdH3A4
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Join me in Sacramento, California-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #Trump2016\nW7xy7eXcii km0rRYSDnO
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@NBCDFW: Trump rallies veterans at annual Rolling Thunder Gathering b08FcMlgkr RCDeLvHQqD\"
\"@FrankyLamouche: how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east.\"
\"@MariaErnandez3b: Trump Supports Rolling Thunder Rally #TRUMP STRONG pfVXQ8NdZu\" So true, and remember the M.I.A.'s!
\"@ScottWRasmussen: Donald Trump and Bikers Share Affection at Rolling Thunder Rally ZZl2sc29dn\" A great day in D.C.!
\"@TeaPartyNevada: #Trump2016 \"Illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.\"  KKIgM4rNma 1cEZ8wG7Cy\"
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart ; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money ; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style ; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- ; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
Great rally in Fresno, California- great crowd! Thank you! #Trump2016 TVSPvxOmve
Obama administration fails to screen Syrian refugees' social media accounts:\nMMa07nwa44
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
Wow- 25,000 in San Diego, California!\nThank you!! #Trump2016 1NRj3zCuui
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
AN AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nkTi6e1zyNI WjI8Rx11no
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
Today we, together, won the Republican Nomination for President! 82l6TjA2lk
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!\n#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 \nhPQJc7eor0
Thank you! #Trump2016\nSPJfMFyPjU
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. ; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Anaheim, California!\n#Trump2016 AEShamhNVS
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
\"@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!\"
\"@buiIdthewall:  high energy!\"
\"@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
\"@DeepakS76435750:  congratulations from India\"
\"@oasisupernova:  UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain 🚂 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@jknatter:  #TrumpTrain\"
\"@tcloer11:  Great job! Make America Great Again!\"
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain v9glTwj6gy
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Thank you @DailyMail- for setting the failing @NYTimes story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written! \nFeb6dhctQo
A suggestion for the dishonest media- zKyRwEaLmz
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel by @JasonDovEsq LZ9qWRYzdj
A great new book has been written about Crooked Hillary. Read it ; you will never be able to vote for her. @Ed_Klein ujDwSSFhbx
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 ; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
Join me in California or Montana!\n5/25/16: Anaheim, California\nmmPck1HYrC\n5/26/16: Billings, Montana\natvrCgjFDe
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure\nwait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of\nour vets!
Is Hillary really protecting women? 8ZtEIWNqz4
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you America! #Trump2016 xfINxdRNiQ
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!\n#Trump2016 #MAGA \nTickets: mmPck1HYrC xGkVbxTamz
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
RT @gatewaypundit: BREAKING POLL: Trump Gains 11 Points on Clinton Since March=&gt; Now Leads Crooked Hillary 46-44 y3BGy15Erb vi…
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
\"@dubilujane: I trust  more anyone ever to protect America.He WILL do the right thing for the U.S.A, without a  doubt.
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay A3Wus0cRIO
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAZK5bdZuD
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
\"@RBacliff: Hillary wants to rip the guns out of America's hands. No guns = no protection. Get on #TrumpTrain ; join @NRA to stop her.\"
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that \"the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain.\"
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
\"@montgomeriefdn: @TrumpTurnberry Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it HnQbj3ipuS\"
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox ; the @NRA! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 aJ7s0aqqj0
Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @NRA- prior to @GOPconvention! #Trump2016 #2A  ygLUAl7gzx
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks @piersmorgan! \n\"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen.\"
Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc: @NRA vV31Pbpkmn
I am on my way! See you all soon! Arw19Antpj
\"A Call for Unity\" by Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq dQi3Cydckp
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is \"not qualified\" to be president because she has \"very bad judgement\" - Bernie said the same thing!
Thank you @LtStevenLRogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!\nMk4YuuRf4s
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I \"made a pass\" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nkXhc2j94YF YZAdAndKXv
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 u8hhrRRFMp
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain IC3pe5lRAS
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
\"@ShoneeP:  Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare\"
\"@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST.\"
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain hK1yqlp9ca
\"@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed  a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
\"@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive\"
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
\"@michael_favreau: @JIS3  He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016\"
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
\"@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818  That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how \"THE MOVEMENT\" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
\"@jrector34:  Amazing job\"
\"@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!\"
I like Michael Douglas!
\"@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly  Best interview that I have ever seen.
\"@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly  Great interview Megyn\"
\"@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord  @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk\"  I do also!
\"@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
\"@markgruber1960: @megynkelly  That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed\"  True!
\"@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! \" Thanks.
\"@Janik1968:  @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts\"
\"@KaceyIlliot1669:  We actually really do love you!\" Great!
\"@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!\"
\"@jlund04: @megynkelly  it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.\"
\"@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly  Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!\"
\"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly  we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
\"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly  we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!\"
\"@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and  for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍\"
\"@gerriweth: @megynkelly  Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job\"
\"@SandraR67758219:  You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!\"
\"@longbyfive:  great interview with @megynkelly !\" Thanks.
\"@HFFoundation4:  One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton\"
\"@wesleyfelixpsi:  speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly
\"@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both\"
\"@ragdollive: @megynkelly  what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!\" Not really soft at all!
\"@xGodfatherxzx:  amazing on Megan Kelly\" Thanks.
\"@TrumpTrainRider: . Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.\"
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy! nlJssZeIWm
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the \"energizer\" to D.C.?
#VoteTrump at clerk's offices ; 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary!\nCloses at 8pm! ESGg1Qu68S\nTqcNAWjP5l
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. \"You can tell them to go BLANK themselves\" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
\"@AprilLaJune: OREGON votes today! Go vote for  and kick it BIG TIME! SLYwyM8w1D\"
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
\"In politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.\" This is a primary reason that President Obama is the worst president in U.S. history!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious ; libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. \nqkK3LJPoQQ
Thank you, Anthony @Scaramucci @WSJ \"The Entrepreneur's Case for Trump\"  xm45Ia1GTu
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said \"Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries.\" I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
Great new poll- thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 SZyZ8GkF23
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
Thank you Georgia! See you soon!\n#Trump2016 8yFd6qA4rD
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
\"@TakingIt_Back:  @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@tzard000:  @nytimes Everyone continues to pile onto Donald, but they can NEVER take away our votes!\"  Thank you!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
\"@DistlerJoyce:  @nytimes OHIO WOMEN FOR TRUMP wpxojJnjbb\"
\"@MrTohNey: Leicester ; DonaldTrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights. History?
\"@QueenCharlotteO:  @nytimes I'm a women ; I 100% support  ; I have since the beginning. Thank you!
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
\"@stranahan: Sheldon Adelson Pledges $100 Million to Elect Trump President - Breitbart aRXPHAlCLC\"
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
Great new poll- thank you! ytzesbCZas
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
An incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person I\nhave such tremendous respect for. Thank you, Sheldon! nW0N3OO4mw
.@thehill  Your story about me ; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 R0NuOrZISX
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 hfHY9MdAc7
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump ; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers. hiDDT9hV0j
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 CLhqgybbYR
RT @dmartosko: 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president WPJjMPYjlK via @MailOnline
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 RRma61oisz
Thank you West Virginia!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 iCGcF21fWY
RT @DanScavino: LOUISIANA GENERAL ELECTION\nDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 74vYOx7dKz
RT @DanScavino: OHIO GENERAL ELECTION\nDonald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 0yXQ4SFSLO
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me ; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
Hillary has bad judgment! LhcIU6kmxs
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan ; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
Via @JTAnews and Jason Greenblatt  \"Donald Trump is a Visionary With Talents Our Country Needs\" @JasonDovEsq   lEGJyAinUh
WEST VIRGINIA #VoteTrump TODAY!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\npndaZjsruy
NEBRASKA #VoteTrump TODAY!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhGbesTbQci
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@RedRising11: 🇺🇸I am a woman ; I JUST VOTED FOR  #NebraskaPrimary #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident zgzwxQ92wZ\"
Thank you Jason Greenblatt @JasonDovEsq \"For Our Children: Let's Elect Donald Trump\"  3diVyaiw2Q
RT @greta: interesting poll results so far (and go vote on 0Zv2YvEdRX) BnsRf9GSxC
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
#NEPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016\nygD2z6EnhY\nZ2yVlmHl8o
#WVPrimary #VoteTrump #Trump2016\nihDWRMdy98\nVSStoanoDb
\"@Valdosta_Monkey: @ChrisCuomo   Is Chris serious, lying or misinformed? Bill Clinton signed NAFTA dFDvYQrN1v\"
\"@daybastrop @foxandfriends @BretBaier The liars that signed the pledge and now won't support  IS the reason they are losers
\"@NathanDWilsonFL: @MariaBartiromo you had a great interview with Donald today! I started watching your show due to Donald Trump.
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@RichBooth6:  @CNN good interview Mr. Trump. You set the facts straight.\" Thank you.
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
\"@mathewjmari: On @FaceTheNation #MattSchlapp was on the ball ; #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor.  will EXPAND #GOP
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
#HappyMothersDay! \nT35f2y5YxR BVSHiG2iPA
\"@matandsher: I want a leader that will shoot straight with us. The politicians can't.  will give his all for us!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Join me in Washington today!\nSpokane tickets:\nMcBZgICMgs\nLynden tickets:\nMTu0GEM7Dx C7HhNvO01T
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
Response to @LindseyGrahamSC:\nlSDE7LHc95
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
\"@Ausbiz:  Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain\"
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said \"Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen.\" Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, \"We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners;coal companies out of business.\" She then apologized.
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n\nOmaha, Nebraska:\n2OWQIlNutu\n\nEugene, Oregon:\noroTbvsNdQ
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates ; otherwise. He should show them, ; run as an Independent.
Happy #CincoDeMayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics! ufoTeQd8yA k01Mc6CuDI
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! kv624y9UOm
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain G4JlShRA6I
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time ; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#INPrimary #VoteTrump \nTI27thMZEI
Polls close at 6pm! #INPrimary #Trump2016 #VoteTrump \nDT9WkYAGEK
Thank you America! #Trump2016 \ntiExz8YhFT Hkt3YNccb0
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \n#Trump2016 #VoteTrump OKaL5UI4oJ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#INPrimary #VoteTrump \nMBgGXSYluW\nYPwDZ8Irch
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#INPrimary #VoteTrump\nnMqeKxccv6
Thank you South Bend, Indiana! Everyone get out ; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary \nrj11BPzqDI xEBlvGrny1
RT @EricTrump: Wow! I am speechless! Thank you to my sidekick @LynnePatton who keeps me ; the @EricTrumpFdn in line! L7Y2pjIl6…
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
THANK YOU AMERICA!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain PvhGP2HmbN
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Donald Trump Jr. On The Record: Why Trump International Hotels And Residences Are Still Winning via @forbes https://t.c…
Thank you Carmel, Indiana! Get out ; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #INPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain j07c4oYryG
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016 AeGyODb37O
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain HtwD1FGn9e
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to \"dealing with men who get off the reservation.\" Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Join me in Carmel, Indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #INPrimary \ntfW6B0eZDm ZiofZ2D6ck
Thank you Fort Wayne, Indiana!\n#Trump2016 #INPrimary mDGrmMmk5T
Thank you Terre Haute, Indiana!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain O6ELhlae3h
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good ; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
I am on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #FNS, throughout the day. Enjoy! hDzdDpZiRx
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 shPWexfkVX
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates. #Trump2016 #MAGA \nsto7CYV1fw
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
\"@LexingtonBobby: @FoxNews @tedcruz  uhDlyi82Ua\"
The \"protesters\" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016 WAuI0nRNzX
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
Thank you Costa Mesa, California! 31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away. I will be back! #Trump2016 4P0tzvZn0e
New York Yankees President, Randy Levine: 'End of the Republican Party' If Donald Trump Not Nominated.  \nHEXBZeejBc
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary Coach Bobby Knight- tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #INDPrimary c9WVhfyMzs
RT @newtgingrich: Seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a VP nominee before securing 1237 delegates. Hqx8MRyAjR https://t.…
RT @AdrianaCohen16: Carly Fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking @tedcruz campaign nHhENzFBck via @bostonherald @realdonaldtru…
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 ZHM5w7jnss
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 53qHBKs7yA
Thank you Evansville, Indiana! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Fn8ClNjUtr
Heading to rally with Bobby now! See you soon!\ndWSSOEctZn
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
\"@AnnetteJeanne: I cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. I was SO HAPPY! I really adore you Mr. Trump, so much.\"
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
Thank you Laura!  C1GHUJazn0
Thank you for the endorsement, Coach Bobby Knight! I will never forget it!\nFchYdKY4F8 MpRtRwv51u
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 \ngTyn8GLGil
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: An Honor to be in #Indiana w  @greta ; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain MGKh77wQt8
Agreed! biyldP3CIw
Thank you Newt! FOh7qEnKUF
RT @AnnCoulter: GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thanks Dave! NaPPQNjVi2
Thanks! 5jiSyvQiNj
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! aKxoD24IN9
Thank you! aYbOob1kiT
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 FeXThmUWuo
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 EzCvm7yc0Y
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 3GGoVXSZSf
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 mucxspuHnV
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 hH3h6bRMIs
Thank you America! #Trump2016 KL7VZbM1jP
Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, Maryland! #VoteTrump \nZttNAmk1QS
You have until 8pm to #VoteTrump, Delaware! GYeV6m1qOn
Thank you for a great day yesterday, Rhode Island! #VoteTrump\nnAlgNIIdyo
Six hours left to #VoteTrump Connecticut! U1kbLMwhNI
Lets go Pennsylvania! #VoteTrump \nTWQM8AV9p4
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Thank you for the incredible support- Melania, Barron, Ivanka, Jared, Tiffany, Don, Vanessa, Eric, and Lara!\nmPGpPFiDl8
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates ; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
Thank you @DonaldJTrumpJr ; @EricTrump. #Trump2016 \nCMfcrZjHgM
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nxhwhJuV3aa 2XWN52IpH2
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
Thank you Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 \nFJbNlidwJF
Get out and VOTE tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \n#CTPrimary #DEPrimary #MDPrimary #PAPrimary #RIPrimary\nndi8sZI1Gt
Passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in Pennsylvania. So sad! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain RYWjgPh9Ja
Thank you West Chester, Pennsylvania!\n#PAPrimary #VoteTrump\nQva1QtmhpS CF9SYBqka7
Thank you Warwick, Rhode Island!\n#RIPrimary #VoteTrump \nV0d4CuS1xf GU3p28VMe0
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: DEAD HEAT: CLINTON VS TRUMP wqfQMEMQOj
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors ; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
\"@DiamondandSilk: .@DonaldJTrumpJr awesome job on @CNNSotu. DonaldTrump has integrity ; he refuses 2 play the game call \"Delegate Bribery\"
\"@newtgingrich: #NYPrimary turned Trump from frontrunner into presumptive #GOP nominee oLC7mGgnZ9 iNolBfFFRF\"
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thanks! zVmhYsd4ir
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain\nqLXTzQPbEj ofhbM9bcOI
Thank you Bridgeport, Connecticut!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nGCtTKnNq06 qcuDCyBzCN
The Establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. Stop them now: cLUCrZ2hde\nzUmuW5WPrk
Thank you Waterbury, Connecticut!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\n5eZ5nVQbE9 OoQAAKWUUq
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nVideo: Dsa2v9X3ol aGUHmO98Xm
Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Trump for POTUS ; ALSO vote for the TRUMP DELEGATES in your congressional district! 1utaLLMfUa
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016\nY3UBsxBQmg ie23QdsVTe
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016\nmWfLxYKPbk 62DKEm5XVm
Thank you California! See you soon!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nuJCqbQYYWR 8rqI4mQ3Tw
Thank you, @DonaldJTrumpJr! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nFJXjkZAAQf 0NQLzbwuFo
Thank you for the incredible support, Maryland! This is a movement!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nUyq4sTYb0l
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
Thank you Maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! Will be back soon. #Trump2016 dNeTdMENdV JbJYYpEsmo
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Had a meeting with the terrific @GovPenceIN of Indiana. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state! 73uCyV6ql4
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pxvSL8cs3B
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- 2YT2Kxly9t
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 zqUdaaSaXD
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! tK6mKZpFBl
\"@bigop1:  @CNN @oreillyfactor vXiQru6HIE\"  Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 T1J0aUwMXl
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
\"@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@keksec__org:  Your policies will make this state and country great again! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain SWxV3YCbqb\"
\"@kdk144:  Everybody is \"In A New York State of Mind\" now!\"
Polls close in 3 hours! Everyone get out and VOTE!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nEuFxefFu0D
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: A message from Donald J. Trump to NEW YORK!\n  FMosFLn8yq
Discussing #NewYorkValues\nin Buffalo last night- on the eve of the #NYPrimary.\nLETS GO NY! #VoteTrump \n6x8Dag7REA
1988 with Oprah- discussing why I would never rule out a run for #POTUS.\n#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpNY #PrimaryDay 9rup33Rl29
Who did the House Task Force on\nUrgent Fiscal Issues call- when America needed HELP? \nQ1NErOtW9V
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\n#Trump2016 awow5pyn7n
LETS GO AMERICA! Time to take back\nour country, and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nWatch video ; go\n#VoteTrump! lsKdqGFyvQ
#ICYMI: #Trump2016 closing speech in\nBuffalo, New York!\n#VoteTrumpNY tS6mWn2oth
Join me in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nTickets: 36c7PLAqyq JBNYtk3FyE
Thank you Eric! pu1vDiQlrV
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Thank you Buffalo! #NYPrimary \nZ9QphVlZft 4ujDuOvLPj
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary\nawow5pyn7n
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
New York, we will make America great again! KyxbaW4fsL
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him ; K
\"@DiamondandSilk: . is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system. 4 no Profit, Under budget ; ahead of schedule.
Thank you for today's endorsement, New York Veteran Police Association! \n#NewYorkValues AMFBymUXuZ ZQHmkBDUnA
Thank you, California! Will see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nVyxSXUEkZn 5rk1U4dQ7r
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #NYPrimary \nx0smlMCWau
Thank you California, Connecticut, Maryland, and Pennsylvania!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 pwFFHyzSE6
See you tomorrow Dutchess County, \nNew York! #NYPrimary #TrumpTrain\nz9LOIkEyOq caMLixZfda
Will be on Hannity tonight. Rebroadcast of town hall from Pittsburgh, PA. 8:00pm on FOX. Enjoy! #Trump2016 ZhaxXnAohm
\"@Ollie_621: @FoxNews  I think it's more like 64%. #VoteTrumpNY🗽 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
\"@AshleyEdam: New CBS Poll shows defections from Cruz's core supporters ; increased support for  ...Not surprising.\"
\"@Trumptbird: Dear  I'm starting to believe that you're actually going to WIN! #Trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary l7IcxN64gz\"
\"@Trump_Supporter: \"Trump Holds 66% Favorable Rating in New York – Leads Hillary Clinton by 19pts in Empire... sGAS3bFpCy
THANK YOU, SYRACUSE! #NYPrimary\n9oHimG204Y agy5p8NCox
Just arrived in Syracuse, NY. Big crowd, great place! We will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #NYPrimary vOEQDsEAKC
#ICYMI: @foxandfriends this morning. \ns5pUEdCWI0
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
\"@dmharvey89:  @wdct8110 I just voted for  in Indiana. Everyone I talk to was following suit!\" Fantastic!
\"@herb_stamper: @JackoffJosh711 @SenFrankNiceley @FoxNews @WSJ we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him\" Great!
\"@wdct8110:  We love you Donald ! Finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! BKoQu1mm4A\"
\"@Bubble709_:  Praying for your family and your win in New York.\" Thank you!
Join me this weekend! #NYPrimary\n4/16: SYRACUSE - NOON\nEu43S1wJN9\n4/16: WATERTOWN - 3pm\nUdOZzisJhA \n#Trump2016
Thank you, @NYPost! #Trump2016\nKzGweIxaEo
Thank you America! #Trump2016 PTKkrLeuCB
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nVxVOG3c5RZ
Join me on Saturday- in Syracuse, New York! #NYPrimary #Trump2016\nF6JkPKb1hn yfJZUlDdCM
Thank you Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 7WHS3vbXSw
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight at 10pm from Pennsylvania. Enjoy! #Trump2016 8IJ40zKS90
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain\nTickets: TrKj5lGXup
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 249n3yLQxS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  l5TyL8U4e8
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
I LOVE NEW YORK! #NewYorkValues \ndbTDhYAX1v
THANK YOU California, Maryland, New York, and Pennsylvania! See you soon!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 2lyqnMRIGq
Missouri just confirmed #Trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain AVTkCAne5w
WOW, great new poll- New York! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016\n#NewYorkValues kuvCXJXjcr WSVmdI8vfZ
Thank you Albany, New York!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nIAOuSY5VDC WcItUuxej8
Join me in Rome, NY- tomorrow!\n#Trump2016 #NYPrimary\nTickets available: VGCdQubia1
Tune in ; join me live in Albany, New York! 7pmE start time! I love you New York! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain \nrY5zqUX9Wu
A very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @KirstenPowers of @USATODAY and @FoxNews. gLuMitRitg
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
Colorado Trump Delegates Scratched from Ballots at GOP Convention WLkmYjJJR9
This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by\npoliticians. Repub party is in trouble! wNXRqVl9Uu
\"@AnnesLimo:  @WVTTS1017 Thanks for Rochester rally.\"  Great people, thank you!
\"@WVTTS1017:  just listened to you on fox. I love you so much.\"  Thank you!
\"@autoprofessor17:  Great job on Fox n Friends this morning. Very well spoken and presidential. #TrumpTrain\"
\"@TimeHasCome1: @WayneDupreeShow @ThePatriot143 Trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in Colorado. He'd get 100k ; own the news cycle\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nTvFgM4TqKj
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
\"@agentvf: New Jersey Man Joseph Hornick Willing to Go to Jail for Flying Trump Flag - Breitbart zky3vlOJu4  @Q102Philly\"
\"@getreal1234:  @Kids123Nicholas @gqforbes @RepTomMarino let's go Pa he has my vote Go Trump\"
\"@jlopez05391:  Rochester loves you! See you tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain\" A big crowd!
\"@becker_berta: @vivhall3 @Reince Millions more will burn their Republican registration if GOP continues to subvert the will of the people.\"
\"@metalmom888:  @Theresa_Cali If the GOP screws Trump, his millions will walk from the GOP never to return! They better think long and hard\"
\"@AnnCoulter: GOP is trying to steal nomination from the winner (Trump) not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner (Sanders).
\"@governor_savage:  is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Mutual408Grace:  @gene70 California women love Mr Trump too. Will make it happen in New York on April 19. Go out ; vote.\"
\"@Kids123Nicholas: @gqforbes  @RepTomMarino .Lets get it done Philadelphia Pa.Make Trump your pick for president now.
\"@PennyHicks13: @Carolde @kisster1 @FoxNews   Your tax and economic plans are second to none! Q08Kp4esxl Media shld report.
\"@Theresa_Cali: Poll shows  leads among registered Republican women with 44%. 👍🏻 yQmh3iSPBY\" Thank you!
\"@vivhall3:  here your delegate replaced at CO GOP convention. NxYhzdcMS0\" Very sad!
A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife, @MELANIATRUMP, today. #NewYorkValues eKCEWRD0Ro
\"@gene70:  The Real Person Of The Year! 3yFUZALNVn\"  Wow!
\"@gene70:  Fugedaboudit!!! The woman in New York love Donald Trump!!! ZcfT90hGEX\"
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
\"@DnGLax:  Yes! Thank U 4 coming to LI! It was a thrill 2 B part of it! U will get the job done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump2016 🇺🇸\"
\"@AlexNightrasor:  @lilrachiepoo Trump will be our best president since Reagan!
\"@lilrachiepoo:  Thank you, Mr. Trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN\"
\"@RepaloneLori:  @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! Saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏\" Thank you.
\"@redneckgp: All you haters out there, STOP trashing the only candidate  that will put ALL OF YOU ; AMERICA FIRST  #trump\"
\"@RepMartinDaniel: We support you #HaileyPuckett. You will go far in life. Smart and courageous!
\"@kirstiealley: HELLO BOYS! this is my formal endorsement of  ; I'm a woman! (last I checked) And Rudy, U R amazing!
\"@Cam: Reports are RNC has received +1 million postcards so far! If I get more info on ## I'll post @AnnCoulter yhyWihDdMq\"
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
Nobody beats me on National Security. \nsCrj4Ha1I5
Looks like I was right about NATO. I had no doubt. x6Ne3sjAWz
Jennifer is a terrific person. EHL702civ5
\"@R_U_OK_UK:  @glozee1 @PaulManafort @CNN @DanScavino Vote trump to save the west. Don't become like Europe - #WakeUpAmerica
\"@glozee1: Great interview with @PaulManafort on @CNN regarding  path to victory #NewDay #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @DanScavino\"
\"@WPayton344: @PaulManafort Great Interview on CNN-Being from CT- I am thrilled you are part of this Team-GO TRUMP!\"
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
\"@iamDaveK:  first WWE Hall of Famer to become president?\"
\"@DiCristo13:  let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and NATO! Uuit2hWmhW\"
\"@Keeblerqueen: @RealRudyGiulian  Thanks Rudy!!! Trump will be a great president!!\"
\"@Genie115: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain we can only do that with  RT RViAgxoa4t\"
\"@gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz  Cruz is hated in New York. He should go home - no place for a phony\"
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget! 83ur9C1qhB
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 hjygbNsxee
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Still time to get out and VOTE!\n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 #MAGA\nHjnGrR25Vf
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Last chance #Wisconsin: Find your polling location for today's primary ; go vote! Visit LC20hcigoQ 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #T…
Wow, @Politico is in total disarray \nwith almost everybody quitting. Good\nnews -- bad, dishonest journalists! xTvGLDXY5O
RT @EricTrump: #Wisconsin: To find your voting location visit 9VgGcAJDkK #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #TrumpTrain 🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https:/…
\"@roadsho: Challenge to all WI gun owners. Vote .The only candidate that will protect your rights! qjTYLj8bxM
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning Wisconsin! The polls are now open! #VoteTrump today ; we will MakeAmericaGreatAgain! cXvX5SCF3c
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\niiXHgM7aA2
\"@FoxNews: @ScottBaio: \"#DonaldTrump is the only guy, I think, that has the will ; the nerve to attack ; to fight.\" DjkdAzT3WV
\"@vikkideiter: Something VERY close to my heart. I'm a NAVY VET! I love 's  VETERANS ADMINISTRATION REFORMS.
I will be on @SeanHannity @FoxNews- tonight at 10pmE w/ @MELANIATRUMP, from Wisconsin. Enjoy! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 znfxf2wyrr
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nyypR5snYBC
Leaving Superior, Wisconsin now. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary\nAoTBAQgcZr 2C4HEwrTQF
Wow, great news from Wisconsin. Just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. Thank you! Bf95GysWDN
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
Congratulations Jim Herman! We are all proud of you @TrumpGolf!\nRuuTippjw1
Just departing La Crosse, Wisconsin. Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary\nxk2cVAz0eY 7umXgUjEzi
This Tweet from  has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
A great night in West Allis, Wisconsin! Thank you! #VoteTrumpWI #WIPrimary \n4x9gw1RhWS syGyqtOebs
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster ; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be in Milwaukee, Wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pmE with @MELANIATRUMP. Join us! #WIPrimary #Trump2016 L0PmEwdRxn
Thank you Miss Katie's Diner!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\noYpUYJmpKI uTSIiVqPkT
Thank you New York, and Pennsylvania! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 sziCGsvGbz
\"@GOPjenna: \"I don't care about the game, I care about the PEOPLE.\" And that's exactly why WE THE PEOPLE love you so much! #Trump2016\"
Thank you! #Trump2016 #WIPrimary alx0AY6E8J
\"@007cigarjoe: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  IS THE ONLY DEAL !!! PQHIM7AbvK\"
\"@Margee11: #WISCONSIN VOTE SMART @tedcruz RECORDS R SEALED.. WHAT IS HE HIDING? SAVE AMERICA W/  kMuAoGF99S\"
\"@Wheels155:@CNN is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about  cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. Media's a JOKE
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
\"@FaceTheNation: Tune in for our sit-down interview with Republican frontrunner ! oVm8ozIC8h\"
Thank you Eau Claire, Wisconsin. \n#VoteTrump on Tuesday, April 5th!\nMAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! JI5JqwHnMC
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
A GREAT DAY IN WISCONSIN!\nThank you #Racine ; #Wausau! Just arrived in #EauClaire! #Trump2016\n#WIPrimary #TrumpTrain a0iKqNepD5
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Join me on Monday, April 4th in Milwaukee! #WIPrimary #Trump2016\nTickets: L0PmEwdRxn F7P4s6oAzN
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \nSULeDE2PYp
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
We must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States! 05SjuRJFbf
My new radio ad, airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!\n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 \niEbcYqyk3i
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted? h78ESEgEYg
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical ; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\naANxirUJJD VlMynYN3sd
THANK YOU, NEW YORK! #Trump2016 ONDROBrDwr
THANK YOU, AMERICA! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n09hTbBgPHf uJnmDnvkUv
THANK YOU, WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump \nnext Tuesday, April 5th! #WIPrimary\n4tymy651ZP IOBhOXeBiN
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party \ntogether --- and it will happen!
The Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016 \n2GD1TT8fXc tr1ILOoLUb
\"@susanbirchfiel1: Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for  MIq1iF2097\"
\"@Gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews  I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.\"  Great!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!\n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 \nXkbTWHpEvy klUNUV2J5S
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Up8DhQulZ4
Please keep your thoughts ; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. D8RBfufIwH
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nPuqiM93zOS fSgpKjwk2q
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign 35…
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Thank you! #Trump2016 ZWZkHrtRQN
Trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:\nEKU5QMgjd4
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain sVUWI7JoGn
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n0w4ldD7dW3
Why is this reporter touching me as I leave news conference? What is in her hand?? HQB8dl0fhn
This was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune. N5815RS1At
Victory press conference was over. \nWhy is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? Can I press charges? qbW2RjkINX
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow ; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs ; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak ; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
\"@PaulaDuvall2:  Cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. If you're for Motherhood, he'll be against it!\"
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
\"@wolfblitzer:  Campaign-to-date popular GOP totals:  7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @JohnKasich 2,724,749\" A BIG DIFFERENCE
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called \"leaders\" ever learn!
\"Kirsten Powers: Anti- Trump Operative was Aggressively Shopping Cruz Story\" \nvia the Gateway Pundit: batAmur1FD
\"@nellalda:  We stand by Trump 100%\"  Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
\"@VictorConkle: #WIPrimary  will defeat ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VWIJ7jUTaV\"
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
See Lyin' Ted, even the @DailyBeast (no fan of mine) says this story came from Rubio, not Trump! Okc8XajVnz
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women ; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
\"@pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99  @Tytan01 @CNN WOMEN LOVE TRUMP. TRUMP'S EXECS PREDOMINANTLY FEMALE. #WOMEN4TRUMP\"
\"@Tytan01: Dear @CNN, after doing a quick Google ; Twitter search there are over 15,000 women's groups supporting DonaldTrump. Stop Lying.\"
\"@SpartanMaker:  Let me help you Trumpophobes with math: Trump: ($10.3B-$1.2M 74' equity)/1.2M = 858,233%. S;P: 1314.5% #Derp\"
\"@stanColtrane: Turns out @glennbeck was wrong.  had nothing to do with it svSKfiDkdf\"
\"@theAgeofLeo: Your instincts on foreign policy ; terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined.\"
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
\"@11phenomenon: #LyingTed blames  for so many things I am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis.\"
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! PHgrT1Nl27
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz- c3QEbexOwT
\"@NeilTurner_:  Cruz ; Rubio are scared! WATCH -&gt; pWjLW1QBKo W2r6mOzgkb\"
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
\"@Doctor_S_Freud:  @TheView They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all\" A dead show
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM \"NO\"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
\"@TimVincent56:  @LindseyGrahamSC Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it\" #VoteTrump2016 OoB38jypsD\"
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a \"hell hole\" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
\"@missi51: . thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people.\"
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
\"@Don_Vito_08: \"A picture is worth a thousand words\"   #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP 5bvVEwMVF8\"
\"@Kj11100Me:  Donald Trump will be greater  president than Ragan. Trump will set the button for morality,Christianity.
\"@tcsorr: @jphilman0206  self-funded and media loves him. Not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. Who owns Ted?\"
\"@DebraRakestraw:  You have over 2M followers more than than @HillaryClinton. This says something about how America feels. #Trump2016 🇺🇸\"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, ; now Lyin’ Ted ; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain\nMMPR0Omwog Dgqky0JiHO
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016\n#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain VMCzxrryG8
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately ; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
#UtahCaucus message from @IvankaTrump! #UTCaucus\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nkHigCSUnFC
#ArizonaPrimary message from @IvankaTrump! #AZPrimary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nWzTDekWJAQ
#VoteTrump video: NauXRQ2Q91\n#AZPrimary #ArizonaPrimary #UtahCaucus #UTCaucus #AmericanSamoa bKruyYHFma
My heart ; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time ; time again I have been right about terrorism. It’s time to get tough! 8mnY3GFRzw
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
RT @EricTrump: #Arizona: We made it easy to find your polling location for today's primary! Simply visit uJFqD4yTlF 🇺🇸 https:/…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
\"@MyPresidentme: Here's Trump #AIPAC2016 in case anyone missed it. It is a must watch. cGCIYE7yZB\"
\"@BarronG510:  The media is corrupt! We The People are fighting with you.\"
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
\"@gamzorz:  @megynkelly Dont worry Trump, They are losing thousands of viewers and money. Roger Ailes will be telling Megyn to stop\"
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
\"@GStephanopoulos: What’s 's strategy to secure the GOP nomination? I’ll talk to the Republican front-runner. @ThisWeekABC.\"
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
\"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING OR ANYONE - THAT'S THE PRESIDENT USA NEEDS TO UNITE US ; KNOCK THE SOCKS OFF OUR ENEMIES!
THANK YOU ARIZONA! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday! #AZPrimary \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 5itxkQxrLF
Thank you- Tucson, Arizona! A great afternoon with 6,000 supporters! #VoteTrump on Tuesday!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain CTgYrLnAWV
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20,000 amazing supporters! Get out and #VoteTrump on Tuesday. I love you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain pU5vB1pBO5
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's \"all Trump, all the time.\" The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great to be back in Arizona!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 uo287ZGvvQ
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
\"@saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! Utah is #TrumpCountry  #Utah #Mormon #UtahPrimary #Utah4Trump 8e14RE6YJo\"
\"@TeamTrumpAZ: Check out \"HANNITY EXCLUSIVE EVENT WITH TRUMP IN PHOENIX, AZ\" fj2j9Lf2vH @Eventbrite\"
\"@DonaldJTrumpJr: Honored to be in #Utah with retired General Robert C. Oaks. We are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in SLC
\"@Ma1973sk: Actually, no @FoxNews, @megynkelly has a sick obsession with Trump. Every day, every show, trashing, negative, hate.
\"@AshleyEdam: It's great to see supporters like you along the way...watching Americans come together the past 8 months #voteTrump
\"@grammy620: 1st time I heard #Trump I said \"wow\". I liked him! I then became a closet #Trump fan. Today? He's the ONLY 1 I will vote for!
\"@Veteran4Trump: Vets For A Strong America Endorses Donald Trump for president; \"We've Endorsed Him, We Believe In Him\" #Trump2016
\"@WesleyRickard: Sheriff Joe Arpaio AZ Endorses Donald J Trump for President of the United States #AZ #UT  4FzcTZIGqE\"
\"@cmichaeld2004: Realistic Trump Poll Numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. Gee, what happened to that 30% ceiling
\"@ileanabarkus:  @nytdavidbrooks I totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has NO COMMONSENSE!\"
Thank you- New York! I love you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 wyjV9DgdQA
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. \nLove Utah- will be back!
RT @MarkHalperin: Utah Speaker of the House announces endorsement of . Says @DonaldJTrumpJr played a big role
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
I guess I have reached yet another \"ceiling\"  - 49.7%, with four people. My highest Reuters poll yet! Thank you! k5Ft585Arp
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, ; the most overrated person on tv.
Thank you Arizona- I love you! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 fTzaIvTX9b
Join me tomorrow! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n1Yak4I5B7b
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich ; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who \"choked\" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club for Growth letter- trying to extort $1,000,000.00 from me. Remember, I said- NO! suIfdiMg0Q
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState\nand now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Join us in Salt Lake City, Utah- tonight!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\n1cJ7OFbQiz
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know. ESdiEftWGs
Highly overrated ; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
See you in Arizona on Friday and Saturday. HiOhRaTMbm
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says \"Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692\"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016 iOzGtcBbia
Wow, just won Missouri!
RT @JohnStossel: I can skate here ONLY b/c  fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! https:/…
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida ; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruz\nhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? 2yYy6Nyta9
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
\"@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think  can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
\"@lucyric13835428:  @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her\"
\"@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with  to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!\"
Thank you Marco, I agree! PTfFzFno9p
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at \nMar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 vcfstc6Wnb
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain hd4wtDonIB
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 nzhnLQXrZg
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain OoP4mls4lp
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big ; over!
\"@DumpFoxNews: @FoxNews @megynkelly  If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.
\"@SCNAK45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash  it's ridiculous\" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!
\"@J_Styborski:  @gregens21 @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly Hayes is looking depressed as well. wUJacOm32h\"
\"@jsconlon11:  @BertShad @Foxnews @megynkelly I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team.\"
\"@gregens21:  @BertShad @FoxNews @megynkelly She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says.\"
\"@BertShad: Was going to watch @Foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #CNN tonight\"
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will \"sing\" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
RT @EricTrump: Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b…
#VoteTrump #SuperTuesday\n✅Florida\n✅Illinois\n✅Missouri\n✅North Carolina\n✅Ohio \n#TrumpTrain \nzyRctsFmSq kxrn0ev4UF
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
RT @EricTrump: Friends in #FL #OH #NC #IL ; #MO we would be honored to have your #VOTE! #SuperTuesday #LetsDoThis #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #T…
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, @IvankaTrump! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday H7sBEnSpYq
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
\"@mazzei48:  @BrazielCarol @FoxNews Listening to interview on replay of @A Savage Nation #GO DONALD TRUMP !!!!!\" Thanks.
\"@wh: AZmCErLKCn WOW people are so misinformed on DonaldTrump character! Watch this video! Hillary and Bernie don't come close
\"@realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews I believe that  will be the big winner tomorrow.\"  Thank you!
\"@BrazielCarol: @FoxNews  Who started this mess, the protesters of course . And media made it worse.\"
Sadly, this kind of stuff even happened to Ronald Reagan. There is nothing nice about it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \njC7cn1v18u
THANK YOU - Youngstown, Ohio! I love you! Get out ; #VoteTrump tomorrow. #Trump2016 OReGiIS6TF
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
We don't have a country- if we don't have borders. #VoteTrump \nVideo: wG4RgOi1bW oAXBvcKIsr
Just received from @PeteRose_14. \nThank you Pete! #VoteTrump on \nTuesday Ohio! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain UvP03n7dQq
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream: Donald Trump about to speak in Boca Raton, FL. Protesters already before Trump speaks. #TrumpTrain \n\nhttps://t…
LYIN' TED Q0qXDGCN1l
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- ; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Carly Fiorina- I agree! Ted Cruz is just another politician. All talk- no action!\n08xkEBD8Be
Thank you Kevin. With unification of the party, Republican wins will be massive! \n1rmyCGSlsV
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
\"@alextrent4: It is repulsive that Trump was assaulted+politicians used that 2 further themselves+2 further victimize Trump! DISGUSTING!!\"
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Trump says the chaos in Chicago was a planned attack. But Hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet…
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
#EndCommonCore #Trump2016\nVideo: krYK2DiAlh RAH45igqJI
Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton ; 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you, Ohio! IDmwG5FQsw
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. \nNo way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, ; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Dayton, Ohio! 20,000 supporters- largest in airport history! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 ry2p5qGcFt
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Great news! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres! #Trump2016  hXwAK3iyPk
It means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from Phyllis Schlafly. A truly great woman ; conservative. 11rEMu99qc
Thank you St. Louis, Missouri! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nqM1Mwq05j2 MxVFHvHfS3
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews
ZQ0osiFEJQ
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. \n\n\"I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better.\"\n@RealBenCarson
RT @greta: Prob w/ all pundits saying last fall  had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ Americans
RT @RealBenCarson: Please read my full endorsement of   for President of the United States: aSx9u3Ayz1.
RT @RealBenCarson: I endorse . It’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat Hillary Clinton and return government …
RT @RealBenCarson: Many people fight for change in DC.  is a leader with an outsider’s perspective ; the vision, guts ; ene…
RT @CLewandowski_: The Scrum: Video Emerges to Suggest WaPo Reporter Ben Terris Misidentifies Lewandowski in Fields Incident  Breitbart htt…
Thank you! #GOPDebate BuJ1YFkjvm
\"@JaredWyand: Let's be clear.. #NeverTrump is about \"Never someone we don't own\" You either play into it ; let them win or vote Trump.
Thank you America! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 8B0J8Xt3dh
Thank you Mark. #GOPDebate  jeaiAvgEEC
\"@adriparsonss: @The_Trump_Train  #Donald Trump is your man America. He is the best!! Vote for him!\" Thank you!
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Another Dishonest Politician \n#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio w7G5vJ511O
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 hNkkRx66Hc
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, ; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 s7WgNXR27A
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 WvTkL8mMHY
Thank you America! #Trump2016\njOD54EGGmG
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
RT @EricTrump: Aloha Hawaii: We would be honored to have your vote! Find your caucus iNgQS80mxX #TrumpWaikiki #Mahalo https://…
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Hawaii:\nMnIlk2l9hP\nIdaho:\n7y5RxLpZRQ\nMississippi:\nn43cPeJIqa\nMichigan:\nGL5JiZbqIc
#VoteTrumpID! #Trump2016\nc6NHn6d6jX
#VoteTrumpHI! #Trump2016\ncCCLxnisSO
#VoteTrumpMI! #Trump2016\nIWMxISjH6L
#VoteTrumpMS! #Trump2016\nKaHD0uENla
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
\"@EricTrump: Wishing our father tremendous luck in Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho ; Hawaii today! Amazing father! cYpx4eC9W @Q\"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @EricTrump! U1iTLmcbAc
Michigan, Mississippi, Idaho ; Hawaii: Get out to VOTE and join the movement today! Video: fJw8Ax7E8P ZDbarevYAc
The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly ; are bad for America. rnGoaprYuA
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no ; they went negative. Extortion! oq8jmoep7i
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It\nzw4o1DJgfB
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! \nThank you!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio: \ncNe0skpB5i
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- \nnobody grows them better. As \nPresident, I will protect your market. kqx8un1jnw
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted \"excellent\" reviews. JGTD590pKE
\"@justin_sellers: Setup is underway  rally in Madison. #MSPrimary 1HLgixbqia\" Thank you!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook ; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
\"@Janetlarose1:  @FaceTheNation @jdickerson WASHINGTON VERSUS TRUMP ❤ ;TRUMPS SUPPORTERS ... #TRUMPDOG\"
\"@ChadRowland3:  @jdickerson @FaceTheNation A solid interview and a fair one. Great job Mr. Trump. Keep up the good work. #TrumpTrain\"
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
Fraud lightweight Marco made a TV ad on TrumpU featuring 2 people who signed these letters: tSpFBn6Rux\nKFmotmqfnN
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016 ttwwvrTjwE
FLORIDA: Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Thank you @IvankaTrump: LHRNDKsoKh 7cnWT9RGSr
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016\n#SuperSaturday
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016\n#SuperSaturday
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: If you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas remember to vote today! Together let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸 htt…
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
Thank you Willie Robertson! \n#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  0TUpaNfUmR
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016  pTUlDXgPkP
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky, \nRand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. \n#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)\nKY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nHtVKgLdKcp
Thank you New Orleans, Louisiana!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #VoteTrump\ntI1h9xT9GX 0bf7BOlWEj
RT @EricTrump: Friends: Remember to VOTE tomorrow if you live in Louisiana, Maine, Kentucky or Kansas!  🇺🇸🇺🇸#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://…
Join me in Wichita, Kansas tomorrow morning! Looking forward to it!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nHtVKgLvlAZ
Thank you Cadillac, Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI on 3/8/2016. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n8RDmQCbHce 94mFPx0EgH
#VoteTrumpKS #Trump2016\nMarch 5, 2016 | Wichita, Kansas: \nBkvBzvsJ12 Q8eZU9yi6W
U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election: 79y1KgC7S4
Thank you Macomb County, Michigan! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 9TBvy6obcE
\"@SirHatchporch: Mary Kissel is an SNL character, right? She's not a real person, right? #MorningJoe\"  She is a major loser - no clue!
\"@AngieSteinberg: GET THAT POS WSJ LIAR FANTASY PUNDIT @marykissel OFF THE AIR. Blah blah. A real dummy! @Morning_Joe 
Thank you America! #Trump2016 \nfNMPlXpkFf W1biUNTvFk
MY POSITION ON VISAS\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nJGmOd5gr5z OLg6N3Ug9U
The Better Business Bureau report, with an A rating for Trump University. #GOPDebate ldJ5EFp3HM 1K9u09CFQQ
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
Senator Sessions will serve as the \nChairman of my National Security \nAdvisory Committee. jQed1P6SD9 n83Cbs4jtA
THANK YOU PORTLAND, Maine!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\n6lMFR6z8xO eKGxNbG6wD
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
\"@blt21muttrades: People are just mad that you're doing so good so they are gonna do they're best to stop you. Not gonna happen #MAGA\"
\"@CreativeXwalk:  teaching the GOP how to lose four years ago was not enough. Now Romney wants to do it again.\"
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
RT @rupertmurdoch: As predicted, Trump reaching out to make peace with Republican \"establishment\".  If he becomes inevitable party would be…
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of \"Trump\"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big \"R\" win!
\"@malski1954: I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake\"
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio ; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
\"@Johnsmi01433966: The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off.\"
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nVideo: IbcE5tsRf7 bHqg1rkFy3
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.\nVideo: RWEnPUJO23 RT8Gmf6WHL
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: WwIVhIud06
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
\"@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM.\" So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! \nyxrRkJJSGG Trv1hj9hRI
\"@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco  I took Trump University class and saved my home!\"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale ; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
\"@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
\"@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday\"
\"@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.\"
\"@mikiebarb: \"A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination\" for Rubio, says @apalmerdc: zCTpSAjPvc …\"
\"@danpfeiffer: For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump\"  So true!
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia!\n#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
Wow! Thank you Louisville, Kentucky! \n#VoteTrump on 3/5/2016! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\nfrO6s3NKpp xFwWRrro3l
Lets go America! Get out ; #VoteTrump! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\n#SuperTuesday w0eAglHeh8 rGanPzZHmS
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @EricTrump: Who has voted today??? Feedback from the polls? I'm like a kid on Christmas! #SuperTuesday #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.…
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! D0tok8j6jj
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
RT @CLewandowski_: Gov Nikki Haley just became a liability for Rubio after this was published to social media! NBvl6bs223
RT @DanScavino: .@NikkiHaley in 2012 w/ Romney on tax returns🤔(political ploy.) Fast forward..2016 w/ Robot Rubio🤖\n#FAIL👎#Politician https:…
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Thank you Georgia! 15,000 amazing supporters tonight! Everyone get out ; #VoteTrump tomorrow! #SuperTuesday jNA5YON6hA
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Thank you Brian France, Bill Elliott, @chaseelliott, @DavidRagan, ; @RyanJNewman! #NASCAR #Trump2016 #VoteTrump\n6UDcvm1GB2
Phony Rubio commercial. I could have settled, but won't out of principle! See student surveys. KKHiBH554d
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
Thank you Virginia! 15,000 amazing supporters! Everyone get out and #VoteTrump tomorrow! Zg0OhOdtkV
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be joining @andersoncooper @AC360 tonight at 8pmE on @CNN. Enjoy! aTIXHgK32N
Governor Alejandro García Padilla said presidential hopeful Sen. Marco Rubio “is no friend of Puerto Rico.\" I6mhYnAcZ3
#Trump2016 #TrumpInstagram: tzHtny48nQ BpKZcISeKi
I am self funding my campaign and only work for YOU, the American people!\n#Trump2016 Video: 8hDC0YUobe o0EB479uEF
\"Hillary could lose to Trump in Democratic New York\"\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nfQR48CVIbt
Join me in Columbus, Ohio tomorrow!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nyFhZd55GD9
Thank you America! Get out ; VOTE tomorrow! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ypLELkprpu XKU8R5b8Lo
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
Thank you @SenatorSessions!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nSzs0QF88HR UL6t60TTjP
THANK YOU ALABAMA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out ; VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! rOkldN7dat
Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video: c4WjtoGpKT Z0XnapOu84
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All' nmXmLDQuaa
Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers \"like absolute trash\" in order to pass Obama's amnesty. gm2wurLjFz
Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of \"sex offenses.\" DISGRACE! mZwpynzsLb
Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action. #RobotRubio HJWJeoZn4o
\"@EmaGabi23: Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol\"
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician. NsLrHrqjdx
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow. OIXFKPUlz2
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 yFhZd55GD9
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the \"puppet\" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to \"hit\" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
\"@CharlesHodgson1:  A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.  TnEnxt5NTDG\"
\"@ilduce2016: “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” –  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@JimmyTheSaint09:  @RonnieMemo @ChrisChristie anything is better than @marcorubio\"
\"@fairess369: It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony.\"
\"@sprivitor  Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty. D4zXazzbq8 #AlwaysTrump #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
\"@tiarardis: @FoxNews  @JudgeJeanine GO TRUMP\"
\"@RonnieMemo: DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is.\" Governor @ChrisChristie
We need to fix our broken education system! #StopCommonCore \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nVideo: xZ1eCJPo8T S8gQ6cibhC
THANK YOU Arkansas! Get out ; #VoteTrump on Tuesday. We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN! evoiSpn8PX
Incredibly proud of my son @EricTrump ; his efforts on behalf of @StJude in Memphis, TN. FUWhYKhhNK ZgxukBnQ3k
It was an honor to be the Grand Marshall- in the Salute to Israel Parade back in 2004. G7G6HFP0Dh
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
\"@NeilTurner_:  There's only one real candidate, and it's you! Donors control the other candidates! #VoteTrump\" Thank you.
RT @EricTrump: Friends: If you live in AL, AK, AR, CO, GA, MA, MN, OK, TN, TX, VT or VA, get out and VOTE on Tuesday! #Trump2016 https://t.…
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
\"@SassyPantsjj: Michigan GOP poll 2/24/2016 Trump 35.5 Rubio 15.0 Cruz 14.3 Kasich 12.8 Carson 8.3 \" Wow!
Thank you Pastor Robert Jeffress! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 ndKu8m8RY2
\"@JerryJrFalwell: A majority of evangelicals believe  is best equipped to save the country. #Greta\"
\"@itsblakec:  Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country.\"
\"@donnieboysmith:  in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak\" Thank you!
What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nWatch: DhANDG8uBd SzdZzYOnDG
Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing \nsupporters! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain T2cBdktPbp
Never let them see you sweat! qygVFf6JFF
Thank you for your support ; \nfriendship- Governor @ChrisChristie!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 jVI6Q6JH18
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high ; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
\"@WaltSeher:  @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump\"
\"@MJP1370:  Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !\"
\"@donell27743094:  trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said \"peed\" - is he still in junior high school.\"
\"@tdltdltdltdl:  Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight\"
\"@SkylerDeckard:  \"that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before\" favorite line from tonights debate.\"
\"@restorereality: Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!
\"@Slytle24: @davidaxelrod  @CNN he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-
\"@Indies4Trump: Vote Early in the #LoneStarState #SuperTuesday  will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain GC8kmWFxoM\"
\"@morg25016893:  @eventbrite Also, all the things Rubio;Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills.\"
Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting! #Trump2016 JGUopujRIk
All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good. sLTmwVVM5I
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 FvIUXMkrjj
Thank you! #GOPDebate Polls \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain At5vOiLCSy
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  in4raBhwqa
Thank you! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 aht7wYVIUg
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid ; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
THANK YOU!  \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nnvgOPoo5qf 0JCjfbcpJZ
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
Thank you Illinois! #Trump2016 Ol0u2Krkwc
Join me in Oklahoma tomorrow night!\n#MakeYoutubeGreatAgain #Trump2016\nsUTcDoip3C
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nSchedule ; tickets: nU39QHzxxX GUQo1TMsMo
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? UdwqF4iZIZ
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.\nShould have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late\nnow!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
Great new poll. Thank you Texas! #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VHqAvsIyuW
\"@ChatteringTeef: @BornToBeGOP  @MittRomney hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic
\"@classyexplorer:  @ahernandez85a Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!\"
\"@conservativevin:  @ahernandez85a Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!\"
\"@Stevekwebb:  Love it! @tedcruz is done. We need someone who is proven.  will make America Great Again\"
\"@Ausbiz:  Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion ; energy to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@HosierN: @foxnewspolitics A vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!
\"@ahernandez85a:  Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time #NoLoyalty\"
Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out 45g7qpxq7T Poll snd Q Poll.
Texas, Georgia ; many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement!\n#Trump2016 VOTE VIDEO: LWeckhLWNv o93j0A0BIR
\"@GriceCindy: That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!\"
\"@ddpick18:  This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!\"
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for \"liar\" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
\"@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on  like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016\" He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! IVSR0hmh5g
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: LgucYLxFgG
I am self funding my campaign ; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016\nWatch: fUzX92RYIm
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\n@Snapchat! \nUsername: realdonaldtrump \ne0HX1zekX8 uVBGpXzICo
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN! \nClAnLIg0AD zVvyVCIaD4
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
RT @TrumpNV: #NVcaucus locator -&gt; WIzgQcbvOB
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! FQSEKWxnwj
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! #NVcaucus …
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Thank you Sparks, Nevada!\n#VoteTrumpNV \n\n#NevadaCaucus Finder: \nRyp3DwNe0u\n\nn74lmDoRQO sO5h9LmIMg
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love ; invest in Nevada!
RT @EricTrump: Nevada remember you can \"Vote and Go\" - walk in vote and walk out! \nCaucus locator: r8ijPnCsmO #TrumpLV https:/…
Join us in Sparks, Nevada today! \n#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV \n5DyhPftng9
\"@StevenMeyers11: @Vogelsong1 @EdRollins @FoxNews Ed Rollins is the only one of those people that understands process ; gets it right\"
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
\"@jojo2foxy: TRUMP IS UNSTOPPABLE....HE IS WHAT COMMON SENSE AMERICANS WANT WHETHER REPUBLICAN, INDEPENDENT OR A REAGAN DEMOCRAT.
\"@Vogelsong1: @EdRollins gets it. Was just on @FoxNews explaining how Trump wins the general election.\"  Thank you Ed!
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out ; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right \"temperment\" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
THANK YOU LAS VEGAS, NEVADA!\n#NevadaCaucus #VoteTrumpNV\ncZlNRrFtW3 scdxT24Dye
Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNV #NevadaCaucus IW9s9noxDT
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nevada: Here is a quick video @IvankaTrump created on \"How to Caucus\" - very quick and simple! W8ohs9gDvY …
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Vermont! #VoteTrumpVT \n8KGOpqDb9t
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI\nTrump 35%\nKasich 17%\nCruz 12%\nRubio 12%\nCarson 9% \nVia: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! \n#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!\nTrump 36%\nCruz 18%\nRubio 18%\nCarson 10%\nKasich 7%\nVia @SurveyUSA
WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon. #VoteTrumpMA\nmNbDUPrEeh
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!\nTrump 28%\nCruz 15%\nRubio 14%\nKasich 13%\nBush 8%\nCarson 6%\nSimon Poll/SIU
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it #trump2016 #ICYMI ht…
I will be on @seanhannity tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy! #Hannity #Trump2016 mx5rxf4oHl
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #BikersForTrump #VoteTrumpNV Video: 1JEdwPPCux 56gkQTM7oc
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
\"@SandraR677582: @FLTrumpTeam Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out! #Trump2016\"
\"@ScotMReed: No matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in Tennessee. We have early voting and  has won.
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
\"@1sonny12: @KSmith233035 @mitchellvii  FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP\"
\"@gregusp61: You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!\"
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
\"@EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016 Caucus locator: aUSzSnOzlm bCRelzywxk\"
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
THANK YOU Atlanta, Georgia! Leaving for Nevada now. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! wHfraU67yX WqvxMwJk2S
RT @EricTrump: Nevada we are on our way! #VoteTrumpNV #Trump2016\nCaucus locator: r8ijPnCsmO kNhQcETaTV
RT @BretEastonEllis: Just back from a dinner in West Hollywood: shocked the majority of the table was voting for Trump but they would never…
Thank you South Carolina!  U1HoDmuuH3
A quote was read from a parody account last night on MSNBC re: Jeb.  4twxJ4blje
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
\"@mikeliberation: This is the best reaction shot I've ever seen lol #Trump2016\" jqxI7QoxEY
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
\"@CarrollKuykend2: This veteran just voted  in the SC primary, let's make America great again!\"
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
\"@Carolyn82471448: @WayneDupreeShow  All aboard the Trump Train!\"
\"@JoeNBC: Trump expressed concerns months after the Iraq War began, while 60% of Americans still supported the war. YmJBSgPRa7\"
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
\"@micah_micahk:  @blackan @DanScavino this veteran voted for Trump in TX early voting! DTtUvc59NJ\"
\"@BirgitOlsen1:  @Justice41ca  @Vote_For_Trump EVERYBODY ON TWITTER GET OUT TO VOTE FOR TRUMP TODAY IN SOUTH CAROLINA\"
\"@Blackan: #SCPrimary  is the only one who will protect American interests. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Hbqjg1fb1t\"
\"@TrumpNewMedia: WHY DOES TED CRUZ LIE SO MUCH? LET'S FACE IT TED NEVER CREATED EVEN 1 JOB HIS ENTIRE LIFE! #WATCH: modgRNn1DJ
\"@ResisTyr:  Mr.Trump...BOTH Cruz AND Rubio are ineligible to be POTUS! It's a SLAM DUNK CASE!! Check it! NjqWP0pP6X\"
\"@FamilyRedsFans: @FoxNews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass\"  He is weak on illegal immigration!
\"@TrumpNewMedia:  Get out ; #VoteTrump if you don't #VoteTrump NOTHING will change it's that simple! #VoteTrump 0QUSXERSql\"
\"@Metazip: @AnnCoulter @DavidJMadeira  TheTrump phenomenon summed up: “Leadership, Fighter and Winner.” Not a Liar rz8BC4n8B5\"
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
\"@rwalkerTennesse: #SouthCarolina If you want a job next January @Vote_For_Trump today.  will work for the people.\"
\"@dnmiller2000:  I'm a Regan Dem and believe in your message! God bless you and your campaign!\"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs ; should demand security. It is time to get tough ; be smart!
I use both iPhone ; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
I have built so many great ; complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobs-video: 9cqt78cGiT 4Q7oJHKoqV
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 6hP6PzPkY5
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  zIn9Zl4Ukx
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, ; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice ; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, ; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper ; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
A message from @IvankaTrump! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nVideo: 5NZw5Bs6NR KEx85mQxEv
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone get out and vote tomorrow! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Q2qxHINAHo
\"@KathyTravels777:  ĺ @andersoncooper Tonight on CNN  was GREAT. Loved the intimacy of conversation w the people\"
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC\nwG4RgO0pNm 3XpJvBZuk5
RT @JoeNBC: \"Pope Francis, tear down that wall!\"\n#vaticanwalls mDGANFtApb
Join us Saturday night- for the South Carolina Primary Watch Party!\n#SCPrimary #Trump2016 AqRhLydI0u
Join us tomorrow night in Charleston, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #Trump2016 VauoRmgcVz
RT @benshapiro: Pope on Trump: \"A person who thinks only about building walls...is not Christian.\" This is Vatican City. ehmsL…
RT @TomOdell: .@FoxNews - Pope who lives in a Vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks it's wrong to build walls? Really? https://t.co…
Response to the Pope:\niWDjTIQyhE
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from \"fair and balanced\" to \"unfair and unbalanced.\" But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
Thank you South Carolina! Together, WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC ZkXPm9lPL1
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 nrcrU08sQ6
Thank you America! #Trump2016\nU9L0ja3frk oqv2dSa1ET
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC\n#Trump2016 \npG868uImBb
THANK YOU AMERICA! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 TRrdR0nlpM
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 n6hGfdCWuv
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 uMLm0Gd3lX
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I \"would never be president\" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
\"@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016\"
\"@babo_sirin: BUSTED AGAIN: @TedCruz in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising #SCPrimary aaTtAbfOXx\" The guy is bad news
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
\"@debdew2:  @brithume @megynkelly @DiamondandSilk FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING 6umGLYjWhT\"
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
\"@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.\"
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! \n#Colbert #LSSC
Thank you, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 pIDqnY4IL3
Thank you to the 2,500+ in North Augusta, South Carolina. Lines down the block! Don't forget to VOTE on Saturday! KayUN9rfIV
#TeamTrump is thinking of Captain Andrew Maitner. A true American hero. #MaitnerStrong v96l7tUFWy uLuDOHEIB2
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain tIBB3BMUvp
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
New South Carolina poll from PPP. Thank you! #VoteTrumpSC 6618Oi6vle
What a night! 10,000 amazing supporters in Greenville, South Carolina! THANK YOU!\nVOTE on Saturday! #VoteTrumpSC jXYLRDayB7
Thank you for your continued support!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain cykncrrSRE
RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 9PGo56YTqt\n#Trump2016 #VoteTrumpSC
JEB is a hypocrite! Used massive private \"Eminent Domain\" --- Just another clueless politician! \nyZT3lSutt9
Jeb used Eminent Domain ; took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. (2/2)\neiBCld77tV
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue ; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists ; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors ; special ints
Thank you for your support! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \nfFN9pisyQ4 VxyuDwZmC9
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
This shows what a complete ; total liar Ted Cruz is- he said he wouldn't have nominated John Roberts. Really? gBnsNgomom
\"@autumnandews08:  @JebBush Jeb is incompetent and will lose, don't waste your energy on that cry baby!\"
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
\"@jeffpaine:   you crushed the debate! Thank you!
#GOPDebate #GoogleTrends yVxFubckNs
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Cwp6Ub5GqJ
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Thank you! I miss my father.  1IPVwX0avU
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! \n#GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife @MelaniaTrump.\nSnOnu6IHTC f0C429tvHO
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot ; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington ; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
\"@AmFree: #Trump On #Ford, #Carrier, Shipping #Jobs To #Mexico: ‘I’m The Only One Who Understands What’s Going On’ JsuiHpQpXX\"
\"@ThtsWhtKelSaid: I'm fed up w/ DC playing 3 card Monty w/ our tax $'s. It's time we the people play the Trump card, ; take back our country
\"@BrandonSawyer84:  will rule #SouthCarolinaPrimary! y0YNO1eyft\"
\"@wino911:  #Trump2016 We know better than to trust the RNC EMcgtK25fE\"   So cute!
RT @EricTrump: Nevada: Reminder that today is the LAST day to register to vote in the February 23rd caucus!SDQGGhkyjI https://…
Thank you, South Carolina! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN!\n8pfvTZngrZ QiO0nwcFSA
\"Get on Trump's List\" email from the RNC was not authorized. I am self funding my campaign! Do not pay. \nEmail: 6hKW7Ssxz4
\"@grammies28:  was right! Vote trump! Bring our jobs back. eUcpgNWqnr\"  I told you so, only going to get worse
\"@Elvisfan1976: @NRSC stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free DonaldTrump sticker. I support him and he's self funding!
\"@dj4k4000:  @CNN Trump will be our next POTUS..every American will benefit positivey from this.\"
\"@nellalda: @DonaldJTrump45  @Reince They are all going crazy! We the people do not care at all! We are with Trump!!\"
\"@Bonfiredesigns: @StellaDean Let's Get United In America With  a04Hne16Gp\"
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Now an additional 600-700 jobs in America (2,000) being eliminated for move to Mexico- via Hartford Courant. bOIYQLqGRG
\"@jd4160: Nice column by Bill Donahue, head of Catholic League. He's a blue collar New Yorker and gets it cbUPNuGnUB\"
I am the only one who can fix this. Very sad. Will not happen under my watch! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n8MQ4imuTTi
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE ; GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016\nwd3LlMz01I
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 7zuMD4oxUq
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
\"@copyover2001:    Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?\"
\"@by @tedcruz good I want to see the court decide what I was always told \"natural born\" means - born on American soil\"
\"@hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice  We Stand with you... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thankyou.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, ; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect ; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. xZzUkjV3lL\nlPuprzJBQ5
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican.\n\nVisit: bHZ4JVckOp\n\nMessage from @IvankaTrump: SZTq1QOXEg
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump ; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage.\" Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Weak JEB getting thrown out by management during speech. Do you think he will be this tough on Putin ; others?  Tqej1euLVL
THANK YOU- Baton Rouge, Louisiana! WE will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 XV7EIe7A2l
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ @RealBenCarson. How can he preach Christian values? p3yGL02ABA
\"@truthinvest: @CNN @tedcruz  Ted Cruz is the definition of sleaze. Just ask @RealBenCarson\"
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest \"pushpolls\" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
THANK YOU- Clemson, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SCPrimary FgACmaFxxc
\"@HARyder: Which is it  ?Are you planning on getting rid of Common Core or keeping it?  Get rid of it fast.
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a \"highly gifted politician and a great entertainer\" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
\"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary\nrbFfcq8gQq 73aoZk8uMG
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our \"leader\" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
You can find your polling locations at: \nBmZyKQOZJJ #FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH 8lREIqhIuN
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day! #VoteTrumpNH \nVideo: 7S2f2GSMB8 9WwRWnvqiv
Thank you for a great night at the Verizon Wireless Arena- New Hampshire! #VoteTrumpNH\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN pbt7gDaw7y
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the \"Governors\" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (\"come as act of love\"). Not a leader!
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN uZItWkqQZa
Thank you, New Hampshire! \n#FITN #NHPrimary #VoteTrumpNH  \nVoting questions? BmZyKQOZJJ 1tZfqVETrX
#VoteTrumpNH #NHPrimary #FITN\np4XCxNkXQO
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Today's third stop- Londonderry, New Hampshire! Thank you!\n#FITN #VoteTrumpNH pRpcxaZ7ov
RT @foxandfriends: \"Jeb is a weak guy.\" @EricTrump\nw8YuC5bApY
RT @foxandfriends: .@DonaldJTrumpJr: Trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other GOP candidates\nhttps://t.co…
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don’t get things done. Video: YwZdQdzKcz lBXXyuZAcO
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Thank you for your support at this mornings Town Hall- in Salem, New Hampshire. #FITN #NHPrimary 4m6dabtxCV
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
Thank you- Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary 1hzn6iZIEw
Thank you Newt!  6FkwdpI0Oj
We are going to have a big event at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! 5K+! Join us tomorrow: HVfhtIPcIp
Great to meet everyone while having breakfast @ChezVachon this morning! #FITN #VoteTrumpNH\n25UwkinUOd bmZvSmWe7Y
.@ABCPolitics #GOPDebate\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN jM6wrUGQox
I will be on Meet the Press with Chuck Todd on NBC this morning. Enjoy! EIYyfFtnPs
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
\"@JoeNBC: @jonkarl: \"This has been a great debate for Donald Trump.\"\"
\"@JoeNBC: Trump just talked on MSNBC like a man who knows he had a very good night.\"
\"@piersmorgan: Trump won that debate. People can huff ; puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #GOPDebate
\"@piersmorgan:  Jeb Bush was as ineffectual as ever. As always, @David_Gergen calls it right: Trump held them off. #GOPDebate\"
\"@newtgingrich: Trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure\"
\"@newtgingrich: Trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making\"
\"@JoeNBC: Trump, Kasich, Jeb and Christie all had good nights.\"
\"@JoeNBC: Latest UMass Tracking Poll. NH GOP Trump 35 (+1) Rubio 14 (-1) Cruz 13 (-1) Jeb 10 (+2) Kasich 10 (+2)\"
\"@JoeNBC: Cokie Roberts says Donald Trump had a really good night.\"
\"@GOP_Left_Me: @JoeNBC Donald Trump won that debate hands down, Christi beat up Rubio.
\"@MarkHalperin: My debate report card: Christie A-, Trump A-, Bush B+, Kasich B+, Cruz B, Carson C, Rubio D. Full report cards here.
\"@JoeNBC: Cruz really seems out of his element in New Hampshire. It is such a different battlefield then Iowa and the South.\"
\"@ABC:DonaldTrump: \"The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order.\" #GOPDebate t2ocHFI6H3\"
\"@ABCPolitics: . dominating @Google searches throughout #GPLFers.  IF35C2jcon\"
\"@ABCPolitics: . led in @twitter conversation during the #GOPDebate.  ZuMwroT8dl\"
Come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center- Manchester, New Hampshire on 2/8! Register now: xK5HYX226k zjRpnoV2ih
RT @EricTrump: Debate ready!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain qE6suiO315
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
\"@realOllieTaylor: @paintonmy: IA caucus hasn't picked nominee in 16 years! Cruz dirty tricks stole it. Trump way ahead in primary states.
\"@paintonmyjeans: If I owned a big company that was failing, I'd hire DonaldTrump to make it great again-Rubio/Cruz wouldnt be considered\"
\"@big_carsonrocks: AMERICA...Stop being duped...WAKE UP Cruz ; Rubio establishment phonies. DonaldTrump only truthful ; not owned candidate\"
\"@Enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 How come Rubio;Cruz are going to turn America around but did nothing in the Senate for USA?\"
Join me tomorrow in Plymouth, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPrimary \nzQscD1mCwM
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS- I will create borders ; the drugs will stop pouring in. YdEnhqdTbS
\"@lisabrossman:  @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @AC360 He is for America! Security for America! Jobs for America! There is no other leader!\"
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
\"@billrey16929057: @seanhannity #Hannity  is the only hope to #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN\"
\"@ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @AC360 all candidates liars. Trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what Trump is saying.\"
\"@autumnandews08:  Trump Will WIN the Debate like he has WON ALL the others! He is heads above the rest! #VoteTrump\" Thanks!
\"@ericnlin: @AC360 DonaldTrump: no raise in 8 years, home not worth what I paid for it, healthcare is a joke Obama is a liar.  TRUMP 2016\"
Border agent: \"We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether\"\nLsrIXzCyJr
I said this was happening long ago- I will stop this immediately! \nIWXGbBVwvT
It never ends!  vdErsfh5H6
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration, even with criminals. \nIZgZqr6BgB
10,000 people in South Carolina, unbelievable evening! Will be in New Hampshire tomorrow- love it. tF033Yjhu3
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
\"@DharmaBum77: Donald Trump loves America! He loves Americans! He loves our Vets! #TrumpSupporters  NgcoHRLj2M
RT @seanhannity: Watch: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America cRAOzIP0pH
\"@MaryAnn1942:  why vote for Trump? Unlike politicians all talk, Trump’s talk materializes! He will make America great again
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nX6tp1bpIhi
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow. #NewHampshire #FITN #VoteTrumpNH \nW04ezOy28v
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Join us Monday, February 8th @ the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire! #FITN #NHPolitics #Trump2016 HVfhtJ6O6Z
\"@rkswaney7: @CNN  I agree. Great businessman. I like your tone tonight! Keep it up ; you'll have this Democrats vote.\"
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
Taking a helicopter to New Hampshire, boarding now. Amazing activity planned. New UMASS poll, very nice! xFvGE0dRlA
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won’t let them take away our guns! #Trump2016\nWatch: zl4sMjmOUc
This is the Cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone, a misdemeanor at minimum. tMav17UGkf
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
#ICYMI: @KarlRove ; @oreillyfactor discuss what Ted Cruz did to the great people of Iowa- as they went to vote. Tv0FNezxse
Thank you @billoreilly ; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock, Arkansas tonight! A record crowd of 12K. #Trump2016\nMjtIq2ii0Q I9WkPN3pWm
RT @DarrenJJordan: CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! 💪 \n @CLewandowski_ @DanScavino @MichaelCohen212 @KatrinaPierson @DefendingtheUSA http…
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\n#VotersSpeak: XRRJ0fMkNV c7EHokbLD1
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN 4EFJbQxJGW
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for \"deceit and dirty tricks and lies.\"
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud tRM7KUCrSU
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and \"choice\" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! \n#FITN #Trump2016 \noUg1ErD0j7 9Hb7JO3wrZ
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
\"@stephbewitching  All you haters need to realize Trump got the second highest vote in history. And he's never held office!\"
\"@restorereality  Iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward, run the table in NH SC NV and Super Tuesday. America needs you! #TrumpTrain\"
RT @namusca: #VoteTrump2016 a real leader that truly cares about America ; our values. He wants to bring prosperity back 2 USA https://t.co…
\"@ellenEspence  Amazing job in Iowa! Cruz just barely won.\"
\"@93101Dianne  if you can do that well in Iowa then I see you acing it in all other significant states. Momentum is growing\"
RT @JoeNBC: Remarkable how cost-effective Post says Trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much Jeb spent per vote.  A28…
\"@LoreWestphal  You MUST win the Presidency in 2016 !!!\"
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on : He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro\"
RT @IngrahamAngle: The #CruzCrew prevailed! Smart for @MarcoRubio to keep his speech short ; sweet. Ditto for  who was brie…
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz ; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
RT @kevcirilli: CEDAR RAPIDS --\n\nTRUMP'S DAUGHT IVANKA:\n\n\"I can just say without equivocation, my father will make America great again.\"
RT @ErinBurnett: Sat down w/ @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr here in Iowa.  Talked God,  late night tweets zLFMx4r5…
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us! #CaucusForTrump\n11am WATERLOO: DGw5Yk2iSi\n1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS: 6WZTqOy4TW yyjQ1iFT2x
.@DonaldJTrumpJr ; his wife @MrsVanessaTrump attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor @TerryBranstad. mgLh9Im9QI
Watch @IvankaTrump show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video: Bf4J2OBtUU 4Ma5JSkFu7
RT @CLewandowski_: Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post yiC3zavrmi
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#CaucusForTrump Video: y9Fa8Ut6IP bJ6a0t9Pv2
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing \"unfairness\" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal ; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters \"in violation.\" They are now under investigation. Bad!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! \n#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump\nnU39QHzxxX IrrzLCa2ev
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump\n#iCaucused #iVoted\njSYl2IYjPO
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. Video: u6oOcWGePe
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa! #CaucusForTrump osvIsBwAgX EY0wNYv9XD
\"@gigglemitz: @GeraldoRivera  @FoxNews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!
\"@classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @DRUDGE So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?\"
Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! #IACaucus #CaucusForTrump \nTickets: nU39QHzxxX xZlwspf6xe
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
Thank you for all of your support Iowa!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\n#IACaucus finder: ANvTcZqfOq fQAxuMe01b
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more ; would have broken the all time record.
Thank you, America! #Trump2016\nVia @DRUDGE_REPORT hVa0gJiBNz
Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa! #IACaucus #Trump2016 \nrWbHdaYgBl
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nNpJGvQwYU5 9h8CgrCXGB
\"Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!\" John Wayne Walding \nwG8EzPHZt1
Thank you!\nMitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. \nTrump 47% Clinton 43% xpaeV0YzGV
Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you! #GOPDebate yLJGkoOeBg
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy ; proud
Thank you for your interest ; support during last nights #GOPDebate! #IACaucus finder: ANvTcZqfOq yadQiPC49g
Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! XDnixWnqwb yUTtLnALxy
Thank you for your support!\nMjr8D4dDrK
Thank you, America!  YJ0KIYpTaV
#IACaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\n\nIowa caucus finder: ANvTcZqfOq #GOPDebate HLuyCcuLcp
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely.\n#ThankAVet Video: WH9GSeSH29 WMR7jnmsyz
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
\"Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win\"- @deadline-Ytid4IrW4y
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:\nANvTcZ8EpQ gicaoEOFCC
I hear that @SenTedCruz’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. jd3H0LQcas
Tennessee GOP Poll\nhfSxKaXC42\nTrump 32.7%\nCruz 16.5%\nCarson 6.6%\nRubio 5.3%\nChristie 2.4%\nJeb 1.6%
It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you! #Trump4Vets\nUVn3kUd2DV
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:\nANvTcZqfOq 1vjCHYYlzU
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #Trump2016 8icSqEombg fkgkcVxVo7
“What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord @JeffJlpa1 Available now. xeHKbIDApr
\"@GmoneyRainmaker: I hope @CNN has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @FoxNews. Watching Trump tonight #GOPDebate\"
\"@rkirchmeyer: So @megynkelly brings in #MichaelMoore to add credibility in her fight with ?  #FoxNews #ROGERAILES\"
\"@BradCross4: @Drudge_Report_  Ur1qgG291Z\"
\"@chgardens1: @mitchellvii Pathetic attempt to bribe  He can't be bought\"
The \"debate\" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
\"@laurencristmann:  why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible\"
\"@hollywoodJV:  Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country\"  So true!
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
\"@michaelG4NY: new @nbcnews WSJ poll shows  pulling ahead of @tedcruz in #Iowa. 18ktk7IZUd\"  Great!
\"@Rick_Gobbi:  ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is.\"  GREAT IDEA!
\"@Plazzmatic:  @danpgabriel Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.
\"@_HankRearden: I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z @steph93065 4K3u8JURiH\"  NO!
\"@dukeofbc:  @megynkelly debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada\"
\"@CJCboi: @DRJAMESCABOT  @DanScavino @Carolde @PlaysTrumpCard Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?\"
\"@HaloOneForTrump: @foxnews takes #YUGE hit on advertising revenues by screwing with  ROFL! ndyHNiUdks\"
\"@Davejager1: @creta_r 9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS.\"
\"@HenryOray: @CNNPolitics @tedcruz  is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors\"
\"@gene70: @FireFlyFury @megynkelly  And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions? oU1uUGnuWb\"
\"@splashpoint50:  Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!\"
\"@creta_r:  Looking forward to watching Donald Trump rally Thursday night on CNN!!\"
#Trump2016 #IACaucus Finder:\nANvTcZqfOq thNiQh0nY6
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
Thank you- Lexington, South Carolina!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\njaiRNIyYGL upAo2eDDVB
It was the childishly written ; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists ; special interests. QYcedgsoV3 5f7zFDiVsN
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: LIMBAUGH: By not showing, he's owning entire event... fdizXOkBFc
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty ; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain TzZx97FU1n
SmTkLPiBYD
Pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #GOPDebate. Without me they'd have no ratings! \n2bx54VKpQh
Thank you, America!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 7xxWD0au9H
\"Trump shows complete domination of Facebook conversation\" \ntPiIyk4Dyc
\"Minorities Line Up Behind Donald Trump\" #Trump2016 \nClcvOgWOMy
THANK YOU! #Trump2016\n#IACaucus finder: ANvTcZqfOq CxqTh61ssz
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
Should I do the #GOPdebate? cjTywwIl85
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 \noJyGTj5QX8
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at ANvTcZqfOq - so important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will end common core. It's a disaster.\nd83XYrqZ3m\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 r0Sc6zm80I
\"@puttster71: @bobvanderplaats The next president isn't on ur stage.  is the next president.\"
\"@AynsFriend: @bobvanderplaats CRUZ IS DONE @CNN @ChrisCuomo\"
\"@xXFlame: .@bobvanderplaats Idiot Bob Plaats on CNN is DELUDED! Cruz's favorability ratings are 0%, NO ONE LIKES HIM. VOTE TRUMP INSTEAD!\"
\" hits new heights in national poll at 41%\" 1Tzszrkh4j
\"Donald Trump retains national lead in new ABC News/WaPo poll with 37%: xPjA3TBbTa\" 6Uaecpwqwm
RT @Morning_Joe: VIDEO:  announces 'a very powerful endorsement' will be coming today.  cJsMBcVcdY
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
\"@laurencristmann:  @Sharp_Trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because I know they are going to treat Trump unfair\"
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
\"@Sharp_Trident: A huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack DonaldTrump. It has become almost unbearable to watch her show.\"
\"@WhiteJacketPink: @MyPresidentme  just google glenn beck bio. U can tell no education, very poorly written.
\"@DittoPost:  @Crusade4Honesty @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly I believe in Trump!!!\"
\"@Crusade4Honesty:  @BornToBeGOP @megynkelly  Megan can not contain her bias, it's in every show, Fox owners Saudi Prince agnstT\"
\"@JackBurtonReflx:  @jdenino1 @DavidWohl @ss I listen to Glenn Beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. Same with The View.\"
\"@Belizediver88: @CNNSitRoom @CNN  @megynkelly It will never happen. Fox will drop Kelly if it means no Trump. Nobody will watch w/o Trump.\"
\"@KurtSchlichter: My pal @DavidWohl was just on Megan Kelly's show! He digs Trump.  Thank you David, you were great!
\"@jdenino1: @DavidWohl   RqMSSbfB0J   BECK wanted to commit suicide after @ss surgery, clearly is unbalanced!\"
Thank you - Farmington, New Hampshire! #FITN #Trump2016 bJ9Z3qZBQu
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
\" ; @HillaryClinton leading POLLS w/ one week until #IowaCaucus ...MORE on the 2016 elections TONIGHT on @FoxBusiness 7PM\"
Phyllis Schlafly’s Eagle Forum: ‘National Review Will Be Defunct In The Next Year’ S7QmDkv2sg
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
Find out where to #VoteTrump on caucus night in Iowa on 2/1/16!\n#IACaucus #FITN #Trump2016 \nxd9iG0uh4l ocIpo2DInT
Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals- UpQ3LkUUpm
RT @AnnCoulter: RUMSFELD: Trump \"has a touched a nerve in our country...in a way that most politicians have not been able to do.\" - https:/…
RT @GeraldoRivera: #NewYork tromps #Jonas. Day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast. Mu…
Join us in Iowa, tomorrow! #IACaucus #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n3:00pm: cWQKRAgqfX \n7:30pm: v2Ejh0TweS
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. #Trump2016 \nVideo: rx7aOQqN7y
IPSOS/REUTERS POLL\nThank you! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain sbzp75EPSq
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
\"@Rketeltas: Rubio isn't experienced enough to be Commander in Chief. Rubio is a carbon copy of Obama. We need a true leader Vote Trump\"
\"@red77angelluis:  @NeilTurner_ @YouTube LET'S GET TRUMP!! GO TRUMP!! USA!USA!\"
\"@MrJuuon: #WeAreBernie will be overtaken by #WeWantTrump. We are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump.\"
\"@Knight276:  @C4Constitution trump right again #With_Cruz_you_lose! Nobody supports Canuck Cruz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #trump2016
\"@Tuggers56: @PMgeezer Hillary is so afraid of him. The GOP is afraid of him. The American people embrace him! Let's elect him,  DonaldTrump
\"@JoeNBC: From Canada to Goldman Sachs to the kitchen sink, Trump has picked Cruz apart for 2 weeks. hkhTx4r6SC\"
RT @JoeNBC: Trump +15 on Cruz in 2 weeks. Cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked Trump. DT has killed him ever since.  https://t.c…
\"@MaryAnn1942:  @CBSNews ... You are like Superman, everywhere! But I'm keeping up.  Great!
\"@M0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @NBCNews @clewandowski Everyone B smart! U know deep down Trump is the ONLY 1 able to best LEAD\"
\"@NeilTurner_:  uvn95NSIaA It's time we take America back! No more puppet presidents! #VoteTrump\" So true!
\"@keksec__org:  You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain z6R6r2gpyK\"
Fox News Poll\nThank you, New Hampshire! #FITN\n#Trump2016 jC1qisBbit
New Fox News Poll\nThank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 \n#IACaucus aCj0Hq20hV
I will make our Military so big, powerful ; strong that no one will mess with us. #Trump2016 fxgCl9J1Wf PJECpbmkSE
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
\"@deacon6375:  i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #AmericaGreatAgain.
\"@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb.
\"@snoozinglion1: . Great comment after last rally @rightside on @YouTube \"Triumph with Trump or lose with Cruz.\" #Excellent\"
\"@CarolBurnett3:  @AnnCoulter I just love the way Ann Coulter remembers your acts of kindness Donald Trump....GO Trump we love you\"
\"@snoozinglion1: Full Speech: Donald Trump Campaign Rally in Pella IA (1-23-16) dUWQyP00kN via @YouTube One of his best ever\"
Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. \ntEHJTl6tNA\nreview-doomed
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges. j9pngqvo5X
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at 3KWOl20zMm. So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
A wonderful story on Iowa voters by @arappeport of the @NYTimes. \nfGVQsMbRKj
Failing @GlennBeck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain. dfCOkb7Ex8
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump \ntykxcT5ZtG oc480lwVQg
\"@noamscheiber: Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core
\"@LukeBrinker: One year from today. TcN6Z3XwyU\"
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
\"@TheSouthwasRite: @NRO cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.  WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC\"
A wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. I am for the people and the people are for me. #Trump2016 \n6rh849dlYZ
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. ; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure ; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Just received the new Fox poll.\nThank you, America! #Trump2016 QKNineuS8H
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
New National GOP Zogby Poll\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nMa6OABMYpF evqFrWKBD1
\"National Black Republican Association Endorses Donald J. Trump\" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n9IPw30G5OG
New Reuters poll! Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 KDVZoUia4I
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
Wow! This might be my highest # yet! Thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective ; have been for years! o1l1XNZvhU
\"@WhiteGenocideTM:  Poor Jeb. I could've sworn I saw him outside Trump Tower the other day! e5uLRubqla\"
\"@Lisa_Milicaj: Truth be told, I  never heard of The National Review until they \"tried\" to declare war on you. No worries, you got my vote!\"
After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name \"Bush\" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
\"@MiamiNewTimes: Poll: Trump has more support in Florida than Rubio and Bush combined. uvH2BKQRHf 2tvIaa2aFr\"
\"@CyberCiety: #MaryBrigidMcManamon clarified how #CommonLaw is used to interpret meaning of #NaturalBorn #TedCruz 5y6SZrTdGr\"
\"@D: #MaryBrigidMcManamon, Washington Post: Constitutionally speaking, #Cruz simply isn’t eligible to be president DBtTgsC1il\"
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, \"Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President.\" Big problem
\"@TruBluMajority: #laurencetribe calls Cruz \"constitutional hypocrite\" on @WBUR qRFINtcJlX @pbsgwen @charlierose @jaketapper
#TedCruz eligibility to be President not settled law, says Cruz' Constitutional Law Professor, #LaurenceTribe GWKoJsBINZ\"
\"@NeilTurner_:  uvn95NB6M0 With your help we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #VoteTrump\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  No sleep for the #TrumpTrain!\"
\"@realOllieTaylor:  Isn't it time we had a president? Let goofy Glen keep Canada Cruz who can't win. The American people have Trump!\"
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
RT @williebosshog: Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 1h5j4DZDgy
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Thank you, Iowa! #FITN #IACaucus\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 wVJldvTSag
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain vfUwGIGjN4
Thank you, New Hampshire!\n#Trump2016 TG9oZKly4l
Thank you! #Trump2016 pcdmyIO1Zt
Thank you, Iowa! #Trump2016 ryhEheTLqN
Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
\"@AmericanAsPie:  @glennbeck @SarahPalinUSA Remember when Glenn gave out gifts to ILLEGAL ALIENS at crossing the border? Me too!\"
\"@bigop1:   @SarahPalinUSA 3kYQGqeVyD\"
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nUNIFYING THE NATION\nVideo: 1ZWE5R183k Md10pL1wn8
\"@NeilTurner_: uvn95NB6M0 You're the only candidate we can trust, other candidates are controlled by their donors! #VoteTrump\"
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
\"@AnnCoulter: Trump destroyed Hillary ; Sanders moved in. But he didn't destroy her, Trump did. WAuaujsP1o\" So true!
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 sZr9taU20G
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: txEaLrZ4uY
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN\n#Trump2016 #NHPolitics 3FkMZpaEdR
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016 npcw1AN2ht
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! XsOeREiYuA
RT @SarahPalinUSA: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... htt…
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! gaK4KEbHOh
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nLIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE\nVideo: 8kAswDS0bc 0bSTLvq7V9
\"@nytimes: Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists 9aKuuuD1wE\"
\"@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)\" Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. \nVideo: 4P7AMKI4iq bjTPvwM4nW
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:\ngEhfZ3NAhi
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: KrCUSYFPLb KsVYviVdc2
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith ; Freedom Coalition.
RT @EricTrump: I look forward to being on @CNN with @ErinBurnett at 7:40pmET. 
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that \"Ted Cruz must be defeated.\" Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter....read: X6jR0WVBvd 1e6gk0PsQH
In the just released SC poll I increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. Up by 14! Cruz dropped 3. qM4JUsyaqH
Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University, yesterday- @JerryJrFalwell. VJgj7AC5tE
Thank you Georgia! I appreciate all of your support. #Trump2016 oNbgRpjKDl
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy ; I really appreciate your words ; support. I will see you soon!
On my way to Iowa- just received new national poll numbers. Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 sQ9UEVW4Vp
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
.@tedcruz Conflicting Stances on Birthright Citizenship [14th Amendment] Gives #TeamTrump credit. 0x2qed7174
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
\".@TheBrodyFile Exclusive:  Says He Will Protect Evangelicals Better Than @tedcruz BLdnkYzMBE… #CBNNews #2016\"
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
I loved being at Liberty University today! Record setting crowd, unbelievable people! Thank you Jerry and Becki! YrLGb7wXyh
We launched a new series of #Trump2016 videos via Facebook. A new topic everyday! Watch: NXWNOcWZgc 52E3LU3W77
A great morning with everyone @LibertyU! Thank you! Off to New Hampshire now. #Trump2016 \nXUWGANbq8k aEMUMqSoWm
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
Just a reminder that Ted Cruz supported liberal Justice John Roberts who gave us #Obamacare. gBnsNgomom
Thank you @IvankaTrump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many. NH ; IA radio ad: NqJJVdapnG
\"@pbralick: @BenKissel great on @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @JoNosuchinsky too\"  Thank you Ben for your nice comments on debate!
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Big announcement in Ames, Iowa on Tuesday! You will not want to miss this rally! #Trump2016 J2wyAfXdlz lErVfowpMX
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Interesting read from Peggy Noonan. jAxIy8xseM
Is this the New York that Ted Cruz is talking about ; demeaning? rYGX9vazku
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, ; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Departing NH now- great morning with record crowd in Portsmouth- in a snow storm! Thank you! m98wooUwsG izBMhEZolh
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form ; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted is the ultimate hypocrite. Says one thing for money, does another for votes. \nhxdfy0mjVw
Great new numbers. Thank you! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nZ1lQdxQvRL GFYNUWWCYn
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a \"natural born Canadian,\" did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he \"didn't know\" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
\"@GeraldoRivera @SenTedCruz got ass kicked by  last night-He offended every New Yorker ; has no answer to Natural Born issue
Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!
RT @JaniceTaylor912: @DonaldJTrumpJr @Reryan08 @IvankaTrump @EricTrump obvious to all that he raised some GREAT, responsible, patriotic kid…
Top searched candidate by state, as seen in the #GOPDebate media filing center. WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! nwKPRmWFNr
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
WSJ/NBC Poll: Donald Trump Widens His Lead in Republican Presidential Race. #Trump2016 r2i8FHPjB4
\"@_BScarb: Enjoyed watching  at his rally yesterday!  I've never seen the Bay Center that packed! ZXDKA5TYBo\"
\"@ameriflames:  @CLewandowski_ no one wants a Bush or a Clinton, they want a straight shooter like TRUMP!\"
\"@CLewandowski_: Massive crowd in Pensacola, Florida! Unbelievable! THANK YOU! #VoteTrump 9D2tsQaysd\"
\"@wpjenna: Thousands packed into the Pensacola Bay Center to see Donald Trump tonight... K5lIT2p7fL\"  A fantastic evening!
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
\"@Bonfiredesigns: Standing with  as he defends our sailors and military and Americans in the USA YKvKNsZmih\"
\"@melindaross123: @FoxNews  There isn't anything Donald Trump says that I don't agree with. Go Trump!\"
.@TheBrodyFile: \"Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real\" #Trump2016 Xb04Quqj1M 3xdEXZV5Ge
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures ; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?
Why does @CNN ; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump \ny7pnMqCs7j
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus Ecs9XYXaXL
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS ROLLING:  TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... nRhtbzcqP9
Thank you! #VoteTrump\ng7eeySMUdl
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\n6kjCaStCjG
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
\"@johnkurkosky: @Carolde @The_Lady_Colors  @DRJAMESCABOT @TamiDurling @AceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP\"
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics xRvznATrU7
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
New CBS poll. #Trump2016\nsFPRHHeLbd
Another new Iowa poll just released. Thank you! #IACaucus #FITN RGkrruqpM7
Such a serious problem for Ted ; the GOP. Great doubt, Dems will sue! Let's all work together to solve this problem. cNl6dmFb6q
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
THANK YOU! #Trump2016 QmDcCKppEu
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
\"@CLewandowski_: .@stuartpstevens --failed \"strategist\" who can't find clients criticizes winning #TeamTrump. Stop complaining ; try winning
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
Will be on @FallonTonight with @JimmyFallon on @NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Z9zbKfXJqb
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
New Iowa poll. Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 19sshZ8dSu
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Thank you to all of my supporters!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 KSguIhkIwa
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater ; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016 sfuuVrx33E
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. DL8hDPzHoi
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
\"@redletter99: Trump pummels his opponents - and the press | SunHerald  9MQhOSpiWa\"  Thank you!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(2/2) David brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! \n9n5CCrefKn
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
Thank you so much. Earnest must have been a great person. 2DZp7YOadj 2YtLlEwceB
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Thank you, @TheFix- Chris Cillizza. It is a true person of character that can change his opinion ; do what is right. 0VxlT9iEbr
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says \"wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
#FoxNews Poll - THANK YOU!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 dKuyzLRTZ3
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 3HmclWL9GT
Love seeing union ; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Not good news for Jeb Bush  5CrP5zdXsz
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
\"@rlbenney:  You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!\"
\"@pink_sprnva: @pastormike7 @thehill I agree with you on this.  won't be good. He will be great!\"
\"@LiberatedCit: @JebBush Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats #Rubio-#Bush Combined MKHc5nB27i ubJvEeCsom\"
\"@hofmannken: DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable! NHPdGm57YJ
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
RT @JoeNBC: Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on \"women's rights\" https://t.co…
Hillary and her friends! q45tTapqMI
Weak ; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now ; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: NucdHBZAH9
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @EricTrump! Very proud of you!\nZHMKIqnUwL IJzW2NDJyA
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
\"@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies\"
\"@ArkaysDesign: @slone  Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!\"
\"@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best\"
\"@Kacee50:  Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!\"
\"@kristopheryan11:  mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight\"  Thank you!
\"@dantegtmeyer: # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls #DavidCameron 'Slave of the #WH' Video b57TS93Jj8   ARE YOU WELCOME NOW\"
\"@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable ;  Kingly.\"
\"@RubinsteinNel:  @pearl_brendan @dphilbs If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America.\"
\"@trumpy17:  gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
\"@pearl_brendan: @dphilbs if  doesn't win, I'm leaving this country #Trump4President\"
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! yzp9dGfbce
\"@longtalltexan20   I love it when TRUMP calls out MSM for what they really are!  Cams starting to show crowds at rallies!\"
\"@Lucky5713 @NewDay What's wrong with showing Morocco? Nothing! It illustrates a Point! Duh! Love the video!\"
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him ; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
\"@lilredfrmkokomo:  My Facebook Groups are all voting TRUMP /4000 people! !!\" Great!
\"@marybnall01:  watched lowell mass speech. Awesome. Great crowd. Make America Great Again!!!!!!\"
\"@ghosthunter_lol: Iowa key endorsement for  Can't wait for the Iowa caucus in 4 weeks! #Trump2016 JBfyFrZfFb\"
\"@iLoveiDevices: @EdwinRo47796972 @happyjack225 @FoxNews @krauthammer  Minimizing dependency on China is crucial.Only Trump talks about that
\"@SalRiccobono:  @troyconway Donald get big business back and# MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN FOR 2016\"
\"@djw11223:  The crowd was HUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain xKq957P6yr\"
\"@Mark98z:  Mr. TRUMP this was your best, most energized one to date. ( and i have watched most of them)... WELL DONE
\"@samuelghaddad: Wow! Let's hear it for the Factor. Let the truth be known. More are beginning to realize  is the real deal!
\"@thecybermenace:  Donald Trump hit one out of the ballpark in Lowell, MA tonight\"
\"@troyconway: Now 2-more IT Firms going over seas? There is a huge difference between a global economy and GREED! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
\"@RhettRiley1234: Trump only wins with our votes. we must grow Trump nation and do our part. vote. This is our time.
\"@icareeguns: This #Iowan is voting for  #IACaucus. Thank you for supporting IOWA! w0zb668avg\"  My great honor
By the way, Hillary ; the MSM forgot to mention that Hillary is in the \nAl-Shabaab terror video. gRannsRXJr
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia ; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
\"@barbaraslavin1: @RuthMarcus @washingtonpost bashing distinguished women journalists won't win you votes\"  She is 3rd rate, a total dummy!
\"@TINAHILLSTROM1: @FoxNews @KatrinaPierson I love @piersmorgan ;  REAL MEN w/ an opinion Exciting interesting controversial
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
.@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that \"attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before.\" Wrong - attacked him in '08 ; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Thank you for your support in Biloxi, MS! Let's ALL get out ; VOTE in 2016, so we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! RSZF12Kyhn
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner ; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
\"@MMMDigits: Well done #Biloxi....great display of Southern pride and hospitality at  event. Fired up and ready to go!!\"
\"@namusca:  @EricTrump  @DiamondandSilk #Trump is much better than any rock concert! He knows how to fill a stadium.\"
Thank you #Biloxi, #Mississippi! Remember this night ; spread the word to get out ; #VoteTrump2016! hfYdkY5DKq
\"@Granite_Hope: @brandonstinney How can you deny this fact.HillaryClinton and BarackObama are the two people who made #ISIS a big problem\"
RT @EricTrump: So proud to be out on the campaign trail with  - thanks for an amazing night #Biloxi #Trump2016 https://t.co…
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Heading to Biloxi, Mississippi. Massive crowds expected. Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump2016 1VMngEMLzT
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a low energy \"stiff\" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
Massive crowds expected in Mississippi tomorrow night. Look forward to it! 2015 IN PHOTOS: 29z0XuXVf0 utrl0UnQau
#VoteTrump2016 ; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! THANK YOU for your support! bziqUSHnbi
Thank you so much to 8OMryrUVET for naming me the 2015 Man of the Year. This is indeed a great honor for me!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
\"@codyraymille: I have never been interested in politics but because of you I want to get my political science degree. #trump2016\"  Great!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
\"@CASuperrunner: @georgehenryw Huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind \"  I agree!
\"@MEMEoryHead: I'm one of your biggest fans Mr Trump and I can't wait for you to Make America Great ifAgain! Never forget you have support!\"
\"@JodiL792: We are Standing with you! Spreading the Word...Trump for President 2016!! I wake ; sleep praying for you ; the USA!+Israel2\"
\"@marie7777777777:  we love u to Trump Family. God bless you.\"
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
\"@sprinklermanus: @CNN  they're spending millions but you're still going to win - go Donald Trump\"
\"@jallenaip: Hillary said she was in a \"Fog of War\" as explanation for the lies about Benghazi. No fog allowed in WH. Vote Trump POTUS!\"
Happy New Year from #MarALago! Thank you to my great family for all of their support. 6UsqSiaaj7
#HappyNewYearAmerica! EeQb8PDrUe
HAPPY NEW YEAR ; THANK YOU! YO1Yi8QbZy uxUXWJ1Rbv
I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family ; friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! lg5kMbNLYK dtMAsIq4cf
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @DonaldJTrumpJr! Very proud of you! #TBT ULerCEOCGX nbxPVdarJM
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 IEIXos0wh9
\"@whispers34: Nevada Poll: Donald Trump 33%, Ted Cruz 20%, Marco Rubio 11%... Hniy4iAqNG via @thelastrefuge2\"  Great news!
\"@deggow: Just heard a 25 year old man say \"I would rather work for Donald Trump than Bernie Sanders\"it's time for me to leave this party.\"
\"@wmsolomon: 'On Point' with Gov. Sarah Palin ; Donald Trump wPeScKLDs7\"
\"@stylin1188: Donald Trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history iGyTDDEpbv\" Thank you!
\"@SenSanders: I have a message for Donald Trump: No, we’re not going to hate Latinos, we’re not going to hate Muslims.\"  I fully agree!
\"@BretBaier: .'s reaction that @LindseyGrahamSC is dropping out of the 2016 race. Your thoughts? 6VItF0928E\"
\"@InsideGym: The Most Influential U.S. Gymnasts Of All Time: DIGT1wLIx4 @NastiaLiukin @ShawnJohnson @ASAQ_3\"   Fantastic Shawn
People ask, \"why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?\" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
\"@ddpick18:  @JebBush @hughhewitt I get pissed off every time I see his ads on Fox. Waste of money! Go Trump!\"  Many do!
\"@nikkisue69:  @JebBush @hughhewitt  Jeb is such a lightweight\"
\"@Luciano031982:  Veterans Love Trump\" But I love the VETS even more!
\"@Trump2016Donald:  @JebBush @hughhewitt Patriots for trump! 0oBFd9pILR\"
.@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
\"@BentleyforTrump:  ALL OF AMERICA LOVES TRUMP!👍👍☺ #TrumpOrNobody2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thank you.
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher \"Stinky\" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. RhN5gVNBqM
Great poll- thank you Nevada!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 9Lr1v6vjJb
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 TBAD5MeYCE
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016 RLCz17tIas L5IAlbsdkw
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
\"@TruthisAll1:  @CharlesHurt @seanhannity Good morning, Mr. Trump. You're so AWESOME. #Trump2016 LljQbi4fdP\"
\"@bfb123456: @trumpiowa @PlaysTrumpCard   WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart\"
\"@hammetjohn: DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President\"
\"@videosigninc:  Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !\" Thanks
\"@Hashtag1USA:  what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? 1oe798AAEU\" I went, he didn't!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!\n#Trump2016 #FITN VTAe68eQ1k IPsJPVH5JP
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans ; America!
We need a real President! nw7BIAW7HV
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million ; done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
\"Minorities line up behind.....Donald Trump\" #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain cEMKihLZbK SxuutW2onm
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
\"@LeeMiracle3: @FoxNews @CharlesHurt  Trump listening to voters, unlike GOP\"
\"@umakemeill: @FoxNews @JebBush @HillaryClinton  uI6tmYH5ka\"
\"@IJNIPGM: No casualties. Just victory, victory, and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. We love God and USA\"
\"@sunquist007: @JebBush Why do u keep trying to attack Trump? Really dumb strategy! U lose, he wins! #lets make America great again!!!!!\"
\"@slone: FLASHBACK1986:  Saved a Georgia Farm EoKDLePxUR MaEHiEQoMI\" Thank you, nice memories!
Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 \n#NHPolitics #FITN QPj5gb3wib I1lMmcYk3l
Thank you! #Trump2016 \ndTL7uybyeH yhQUQiuswl
Thank you to a #Trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. Video: yawywElMwa
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double ; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
\"@BornToBeGOP:  We need a real President to get things done, and that's why we want you!\"  Thank you.
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
\"@CAC8438: He supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that Trey Gowdy is going to campaign with him.
\"@mitchellvii: My prediction on the Trey Gowdy endorsement of Rubio is that it will do nothing for Rubio and finish Gowdy.\"
\"@mitchellvii: Face it, Trey Gowdy failed miserably on Benghazi. He allowed it to drag out and in the end, let Hillary get away with murder.
\"@Sir_Max: andreajmarkley: Rubio finally gets an endorsement – from #Benghazi loser Gowdy #Tcot #pjnet lJcHG0IHaM via dailyne
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Thank you! #Trump2016\nCE9f0mukFm XNV9Bg2ccY
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
\"@greta: If the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still large,Obamacare is a failure since so expensive
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 \nStory: PBOKbGIaVB wm9Y7E9RzB
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
\"@deedeegop: Thank u Mr. Trump, I look forward to when u are elected next President of the United States #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. So nice!
\"@JodiL792:  You know what's making my Christmas Great, Family/food/friends;YOU! I HAVE MY TRUMP SHIRT ON W/HOPE IN MY HEART for America\"
\"@Jacobsac2015:  @FoxNews Thank you for your tweet today on Christmas. Can't wait to see you as President, Mr. Trump. You are awesome.\"
\"@ClassySnobbb:  @FoxNews I'm reading #CrippledAmerica! Best book ever. Thank you!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say \"we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?\" Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
\"@YesMrGilbert: @NBCNightlyNews @HallieJackson should have talked to Megyn Kelly about this story\"  True, a total distortion of the facts!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
\"@classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit Jim you fail to mention in your CNN POLL that in the GOP RACE...Trump is leading Cruz 39 to 18...Big Detail
A great Christmas movie ; perfect #TBT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nStory: qUpZphfhV3 PSeVbWUJIV
\"@ihatematt:  why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.\"
\"@ihatematt:  why is Hillary even allowed to run... She's a criminal.\"  Good question!
Hillary said \"I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign.\" I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Merry Christmas ; Happy Holidays!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nXIVw5LdTqv Sqim2YyoCH
Hillary, when you complain about \"a penchant for sexism,\" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 wBdSg5ab25
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 e9dEs4HuwQ
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! MWMFn4asWH
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 TUDwrg6RsD
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word \"schlonged,\" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said \"schlonged\" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: \"That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls.\" #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. \"Schlonged\" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got \"schlonged\" that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.\nVIDEO: yreUny7shA dE9odwIRQi
\"@schoremis1:  @JebBush The Donald should've been named Man of the Year. He dominates the polls, news, talk shows ; social media. MAGA!\"
\"@qbeacademy: Well I'm at 42% and your at 3% .You know Jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage.  Classic\"
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
\"@_MSFL_:  @TrumpUSA16 A GREAT PATRIOT\"
\"@realNevaDie: This suggests that online polls are more reliable so Trump is crushing both parties. 
\"@philmonaco67:  100% Donald Trump Supporter Go Trump Make AMERICA GREAT AGAIN\"
\"@daveandlouanns: THANK YOU SIR FOR CARING FOR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA. I WAS IN NEWMARKET NH. OFFICE. VRBYXBC6I4\"
\"@janienorris22:  Got my autographed book yesterday can't wait to read it. You got them scared to death! Love it.\". Great!
\"@TrumpUSA16: Trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to USA #Trump2016 LLgJnmGcXv\"
Video from Michigan last night. After asking for months, the media panned their cameras! jXwS0y08L7 ikjkpmOAeu
THANK YOU America! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 x0QaqjjMj0
Thank you - Michigan!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 5GilNQKyzJ
Thank you - New Hampshire!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nVlGF418r2x zZleg3vnJN
THANK YOU Grand Rapids, Michigan! Time to end political correctness ; secure our homeland! cyRCfwxJg3 PPrriLTFgA
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about \"the video\" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: UPDATE: ISIS jihadists stole 'tens of thousands' of blank passports... qg3uo1hm1J\"  Here we go!
It's the Democrats' total weakness ; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Phyllis Schlafly: Trump is 'last hope for America' jCxqfVCGB6 sk713ir5NQ
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, \"we are finally where we need to be.\" Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is \"going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst.\" She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
\"@msully65:  Tell this knitwit @SpeakerRyan, the ppl want , not him or his choice for President! Thts why Trump has 40%\"
\"@drdoucette: #MissUniverse DonaldTrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. We need you Mr Trump
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
Great poll out of Illinois! Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Fd48umfyCw
\"@Themyamccurry: Where's  when you need em? #MissUniverse2015\"
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
We need a #POTUS with great strength ; stamina. Hillary does not have that.\n#Trump2016 n2C6bAdYNa cUy3VaDAGo
\"@blueeyd2020: @JebBush reminds me now of @BobbyJindal but no one cares Jeb! You lost your chance. #Trump2016 \"
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that \"ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool.\" This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
\"@AniesiODaniels: #DemDebate Q: Who are you voting for in 2016. A: #Trump! Donald Trump! Donald Trump!. #Trump2016 wv37BOoArX\"
\"@constant4change: Trump tops Dem candidates on Google before Dem debate vLi1g2Ry7z\"
\"@autumnandews08:  @jonkarl Hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #TrumpRocksAmerica\"
\"@DomineekSmith:  is the best Republican presidential candidate of all time.\"  Thank you.
\"@TheRealRyder: You are a blessing to America, Mr. Trump. Thank you for all you are doing! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@twister2445:  all I heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!!\"
\"@ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @TeresaC85469500 @MichaelCohen212  Right,  same old political bullshit year after year, #WhyISupportTrump\"
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 7FkgBAqF4A
Thank you America! @FoxNews post-debate poll with +/- from previous poll. #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain KorKlSr01P
Thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 0llSs8U77Q dlpd0EkR45
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
\"@WilliamESammon1: #HillaryForPrison2016 RUEU1ctbz8\"
\"@nepafortrump: We now LIVE in a #CrippledAmerica but  WILL make the USA STRONGER than EVER b4 FsGNXnVljs\"
\"@thehill: NEW POLL: Trump's massive lead grows in post-debate poll jNDY8kgIgl bPlj1VPz8T\"
Another new post-debate poll. \nTHANK YOU! #VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Pa9PCuPbyr
Thank you for all of your support! Most importantly - we need to get everyone out to VOTE! #VoteTrump2016 ezCsk3cWaJ
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself ; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nPUGaxGCASM 1O67oFDofU
Weak ; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name ; don’t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
As I have been saying. Only the beginning: \"ISIS Suspects Arrested in Turkey, 150 European Passports Seized.\" 55NWoy7OHG
New Reuters poll - thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 zOe0gDe0AJ
#ISIS is making $400M/year on oil. I have been saying it for years. We need to bomb the oil! vObIAhilWs teKBaKdXzK
There is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #POTUS. #Trump2016 frS7alctbB 0P4qSnAltb
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids,IA this Saturday. Get your tickets-QcqOsG3jqo
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 uJu4zrzXL8
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain xkki2M6ht1
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
I will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pmE from Mesa, Arizona - will be talking about the #GOPDebate ; more. Z3fVfHCKIo
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 dl6IuSHwtK
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
\"@EndlessMike03:  @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?\"
\"@chained111:  @oreillyfactor yes sir\"
\"@SteelerDan619:  @oreillyfactor Your the man!!\"
\"@2timeslucky:  @oreillyfactor You were amazing !\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is President Trump!\"  Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
\"@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain\"  Joke
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate\nOhI1qXEOzC
#GOPDebate #Trump2016\nczHzN0QkQN
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! nMNilyuL2F Bwyu1U3rHU
\"@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.\"
\"@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will.\" #GOPDebate
\"@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC  Pataki needs a brain surgeon!\"
\"@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC  Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
\"@twlhb:  @GovernorPataki just called you \"this PRESIDENT\" !!! z5pRWZgS08\"  But I don't want his endorsement!
\"@MrDeuce25: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC DonaldTrump Good were glad he doesn't represent what you stand for Lindsey. You are weak and have no clue
\"@BillDaley1: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC  Sour grapes graham. Dont blame Trump because you cant interest voters.\"
\"@SurfPHX: Geez Mr. Trump, they are coming for you even before the REAL debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative Trump questions! #Trump\"
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
New PPP poll just released in Iowa- up 6 points from last poll. Leading w/ 28%! Don't worry - media won't report it! yjWiLBGUpm
.@ConradMBlack, what an honor to read your piece. As one of the truly great intellects ; my friend, I won't forget! 3FGB0NyfaO
#TheRemembranceProject\nzMW0mkkFEg XHIweo9LWG
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nyohiKUsL3V
\"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history.\"
\"@LadyKellLiberty:  @AnnCoulter I'm in PA near PBurgh. Dad will register to vote first time for Trump. Mom is changing from D to R!\"
\"@Carolin42539648:   oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DonaldTrumpForPresident
What an evening in Las Vegas, Nevada! THANK YOU for your continued support. #Trump2016 uUwRk7RuGK J0qJaIg35u
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party ; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nyjAIiFuVWm dfH0ABwZk0
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Thank you @WayneAllynRoot.\nVery nice! #Trump2016 \ncgdLz26mdA
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Record of Health: ZDDDawwYVl\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nvqrkZwc2ae vz73TaAjjc
EXCLUSIVE: Newt Gingrich: ‘The Country Is in Rebellion,’ Trump Can ‘Kick Down the Doors’ \nUwTKKhhO3C
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
\"@suzost: UFC President Dana White Endorses Donald Trump [VIDEO] MwQtFzuDpY via @dailycaller\"  Love this from a real winner!
\"@Barbara_NC:  Trump did not need 2acquire wealth ; power, owes nothing to anyone. Candidates owe their backers B1x6ImsWzU\"
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
\"@ajodom60: @FoxNews and as far as that low-info voter base goes, I have an IQ of 132. So much for that theory. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@LesgartCPA: @jaketapper  Problem is I never watched you until Trump started giving you interviews and ratings on CNN.\"
\"@trumpisawinner: .You're the real deal. For my money, tedcruz just doesn't cut the mustard. Go Trump! #DonaldTrump #THEDonald\"
\"@JPMORGAN2016: TRUMP NEEDS HIS OWN POLL A REAL POLL, IN EVERY STATE. THESE POLLS ARE SO RIDICULOUS.THE MEDIA WILL ONLY GET WORSE FROM HERE\"
\"@1rdgreenberg:  @FoxNews That's why, after your interview, I couldn't watch the panel discussion, which is usually my favorite segment.\"
\"@energy43: @schnoepoe @FoxNews Not so much fairness as it is about ratings . Megan Kellys hate nightly of Trump is turn-off for FOX\"
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
\"@TheProdigy3D: Everyone vote for  and no he did not pay me for this endorsement.\"
\"@schnoepoe: @foxnews I find myself more and more drawn to CNN for fairness regarding \" The Fox News Sunday pundits a joke!
\"@VYlvisaker: @AnnCoulter  TRUMP HAS STAMINA, HE IS WORKING HARDER THAN ANY OTHER CANDIDATE. He REALLY loves AMERICA . He deserves to win.\"
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
\"@BernieSanders: ABC News spent 81 minutes on Donald Trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign.  That's because @ABC is smart!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
\"@dragonian3333:  @DanScavino @seanhannity CRUZ doesn't do anything about ILLEGALS and \"REFUGEES\" invading Texas. usJvsZlb3Y\"
\"@Yoel_NY:  @Peggynoonannyc  As a democrat I have to say, since Hillary is the front-runner, I will choose Trump.\"
\"@JPMORGAN2016:  @Peggynoonannyc TRUMP IS WINNING BY SO MUCH MORE, IT'S NEAR 60% NATIONALLY. THEY ARE ALL BIASED POLLS!!!!\"
\"@rosemarylowe105: @ShahKourosh @SpacemanChris  That is why we don't need a politician to be the next president.\"
\"@StraightHand:  I'd pay to watch that - The Donald vs Hillary\"  Get ready!
\"@khoges34: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 \"
\"@mikepetrella17:  @Peggynoonannyc I agree with Trump. Record turnouts . There's a lot of potential voters that Trump is tapping into.
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nUB7Fx7A835 iWcW5kfI9i
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
\"@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal  Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?\"
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
\"@LoriPatriot: ZXUrHTdtqQ  Son Don Jr. on Fox says Sr. more concerned about the 'safety of Americans' than 'offending people'\"
\"@EveWicked:  @jaketapper @CNN love you Trump! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Latinos4Trump16:  @jaketapper @CNN I'll be watching 👀\"
\"@ofccadjust:  @jaketapper @CNN DVR SET!\"
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
I will be on CNN's - State of the Union tomorrow morning at 9amE. VgxjEVFGJK svQQhAHBow
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Thank you General. #Trump2016 FCrYNoqYTb
A great afternoon. Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 iOnhK3l3xU EtpzrfChMZ
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so. LRPDW10zwl
John Podesta says nominee will be Cruz b/c last person Hillary wants to face is Trump! Use your head folks! 46-41! K2XzwZygYk
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
Thank you! #Trump2016\n0DA5isXMRz ENjJkTEQIJ
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
\"@JenniferJJacobs: Trump: \"Protect the 2nd amendment...And by the way we’re going to be saying Merry Christmas again.\" Iowa crowd LOVES it.\"
\"@JenniferJJacobs: Iowa's RNC committeewoman Tamara Scott praises Trump and asks why the RNC would not be thrilled with his candidacy.
\"@JenniferJJacobs: Trump says he was establishment. \"I backed McCain he lost. I backed Romney he lost. This time I'm doing it myself.
\"@Keeblerqueen:  Good Lord ... Donald.. Your following went up so much lately ... Crazy love for you and what you stand for!
\"@theblaze: Donald Trump unleashes verbal assault on \"nice guy\" Ted Cruz: yBfCR4jXzX tQOgTwrEbL\"
\"@ComatoseJeb: I will follow  all the way to #victory #MakeAmericaGreatAgain qBQMdLAozQ\"
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
I had a great time in Des Moines, Iowa tonight! Thank you for all of the support. #Trump2016 2Xzs2aSqII 2HdnA6snnz
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity ; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you! We are at 35% in new Reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12%. Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!#Trump2016 0l00OVCo5b
I will not let you down! \n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \n3bbHsaGSUm IKXGxoi0lA
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' ; PA Governor. Him ; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
Great news in Georgia!  The just out  Landmark poll shows me in first with 43%! Wow. mG6uZQxBWG UZ03GJDvOV
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland. QmXD8kHFhS
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
\"@FoxNewsInsider: .@FrankLuntz Explains Why  Has Plenty of Staying Power @seanhannity #Hannity
\"@FoxNews: @FrankLuntz: Time for the Republican establishment to accept the fact that Trump is not only a viable candidate, but lead is real
\"@edwards_cristy:  I hope that you will be the next POTUS.\"
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
In Britain, more Muslims join ISIS than join the British army.\nLQVNz7b2Eb
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
An honor to be endorsed by the New England Police Benevolent Association. Thank you! zj47db1Yj1 JrjHyLRkD6
\"Why Franklin Graham says Donald Trump is right about stopping Muslim immigration\"  iVPJcDQLeO
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
Thank you for your support! Being #PoliticallyCorrect will NOT #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! lC9l8PnRZX yOJTHcSPJo
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  jg50w3rcnn … …
The politicians of the U.K. should watch Katie Hopkins of Daily LgtY0qdv9U on @FoxNews. Many people in the U.K. agree with me!
Thank you to respected columnist Katie Hopkins of Daily LgtY0qdv9U for her  powerful writing on the U.K.'s Muslim problems.
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
\"@jimparkey:  @donlemon @CNN great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!\" Thank you!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
\"@QuinnLisaq:  @CNN @donlemon . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way\"
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
\"@TheCarCzarsPage: @TeaPartyCat You're a funny guy! Vote:  RltPmxcifL\"
\"@MisterGoldiloxx:  @michaelUrso2 @FoxNews Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer\"
\"@Ajdx4Sdesq: @CNN @donlemon  this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.
\"@michaelUrso2: Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent! @FoxNews
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas: hEM6UGuiTs VmkTnHcwto
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016 JWFE5tDg50
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
\"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis\" Kok27117dl
\" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims\"   d99X4O9ysG
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  xok4UTsXaN
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! QXqHpAH4jo
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  UvKt1Go6nT
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  jg50w3rcnn … …
\"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' \" HWOLO4RVAC
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
\"@mysteriousLoser:  did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance\" Yes, he is a crude dope!
\"@ssheaver:  @nytimes @CNN QrsEZy8U3e\" Wow!
\"@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, ; pilot planes\"
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
\"@USAforDJTRUMP:  @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!\"
\"@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us\"
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for \"Trump\" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe! #Trump2016 r5K58xu8Mp EAqHZ5ttmp
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP ; ran as an independent. ztP5d2ctZl
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  jg50w3rcnn …
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported \"Cruz momentum\" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 n0Ph35qsKV
\"@XGNRaging:  I hope you become president!
\"@CRinQC: RT @thehill: New Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits. 00phDHSb37 t6DSOopCXd
\"@GeneMcGee6:  @seanhannity is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great .\"
\"@CharlesMarino8: @3DOT  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact\"
\"@ShellyPayne4328: @WayneRoot  Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016\"
\"@LexingtonBobby:  @CLewandowski_ Today, \"New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits\" 00phDHSb37 #Trump16\"
\"@Truth_or_Rumor: @realArthurSpina  Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office.\"
\"@back2reason:  Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016 CBxrWeRZhP Ko0rypNsx8
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown 1Z9Z4uDWaf
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration: HCWU16z6SR d1dhaIs0S7
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred ; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN uymSlYv7Jq
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
\"@BornToBeGOP @DanScavino  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!\"
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! \n#RememberOurVets HVrucgzWfs
Poor @JohnKasich doesn't have what it takes- ijaxXpe6xT
\"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI\" UICDNcftJS
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  jg50w3rcnn
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said \"I'm a negotiator like you\" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS ; W.R.
\"@WiggintonRandy:  He will never say it, therefore he will never have a solution!\"
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
\"@homefreeee:  He needs to stop all Visas not look at them!\"
\"@JFK4701:  he is reading off the TelePrompTer.\"  But that is O.K. in this case.
\"@LivNow: THIS IS WHO WE R ☆REGISTER AS REP ONLINE 2VOTE TRUMP IN PRIMARY : 1xS5L6UbkY #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN @Carolde\"
\"@10inchpolitics:  air strikes? Who's air strikes??\"
\"@dboiarsky:  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, DT! 👍\"
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world, health ; happiness! Happy Hanukkah! 03UZBGCswB
I have been saying it for sometime now!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 QFCHFo88rN
Order my book CRIPPLED AMERICA for your holiday gifts. I will be signing books for the next two weeks! jg50w3rcnn
\"@FieldRoamer: America’s most reliable bellwether county has fallen for  KkNnQDiLfb\" Great story, thanks!
Thank you America! Together, we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 DQiox2k2DV
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
\"@Trumpismyhero:  only President Donald J Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@mollymaguires61: @politichick_ @nytpolitics @FoxNews @rupertmurdoch @GOP in bed together ; hate Trump.  Win it for the USA ; the 21st Cent
\"@revdojoe:  We will elect  for President! We must!😊 Ivgy8VqLku\"
\"@ShellyLeigh123: Awesome interview. You are always honest with the American people Thank you Mr. Trump!! 4FVZR7nbgr\"
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
\"@BrianBl43802294 @JohnKasich Trump is not controlled by donors,special interests,Lobbyists like U.Ur a total puppet.Trump is working 4 U.S.
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term \"radical Islamic\" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama ; the e-mails!
\"@CindyBlackwel12:  @dr_tweedy @CNN @JohnKasich AMERICA WANTS #TRUMP  ZH11ytGroV\"  @jaketapper   Politicians are so dishonest!
\"@JSears68: Poll numbers will go up even more for  after Obama's 'address'
\"@dr_tweedy: @CNN @JohnKasich Kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. Lied about Trump crowd.\" Media-he LIED!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
.@KatyTurNBC ; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
\"@Pimpburgh2015: @KatyTurNBC  just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter.\" That's only because I'm being nice!
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
.@KatyTurNBC, 3rd rate reporter ; @SopanDeb @ CBS lied. Finished in normal manner;signed autos for 20min. Dishonest! sCglbQjB3o
A great day in both Spencer ; Davenport, Iowa! THANK YOU for the support! #Trump2016 #FITN #IAPolitics QsyNbM7ssg
Re CRIPPLED AMERICA  -- I am signing books for the next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts!  jg50w3rcnn
Done by a real fan! #TRUMP  \nR7fzPgcwmx
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the  rally. It was exciting to see you.\" Two truly fantastic women!
\"@AmericanAsPie: @DiamondandSilk you were awesome at the  rally. It was exciting to see you.\"
\"@jasthompcountry:  @DanScavino Thanks for coming to Raleigh Mr. Trump. I enjoyed every minute of your epic speech!\"  Thanks
\"@PattyDs50:  @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP Yes! We love you Donald!! We are behind you all the way to Whitehouse!!\"
\"@ben_techpro: Donald Trump opens up 'massive' lead in national poll yBfezuPX9a  #makeamericagreatagain #wakeupamerica @GOP\"
\"@nepafortrump: @CwiseCwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @GOP #TeamTrumpPA WILL TURN PA from Clinton Blue to TRUMP RED! Team WONT STOP
\"@curtiscraven76: @CNN  keep up your good work Mr trump cause u have my vote\"
\"@CwiseCwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16  @GOP we are with you Mr Trump. We back you 100 percent.\"
\"@DanScavino: . #Raleigh, #NorthCarolina! #Trump2016 dMsHEBVqQC\"
\"@bjmgraphics:  @MarkHalperin Trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. He will fight for America!
A great night in Raleigh, North Carolina! THANK YOU! #Trump2016 oouSXAe267
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts. jg50w3rcnn
Good news, disloyal @Macys stock is in a total free fall. Don't shop there for Christmas! wpDDCWcLFD vT3uGjiZ9B
Congratulations, Chuck. Must be wonderful to have Donald Trump as your guest --- #BeCool! #Trump2016\n9BxQGTb5m2
A total refutation of the disgraceful David Brooks column in the failing @NYTimes by the @WashingtonPost: \nWbToL9lqD3
ZbyQQkfwAh \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 y2XPvEoy7B
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough ; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
Great Live Signing last nite! Over 25k views. I am signing books for next two weeks. Order yours for holiday gifts: jg50w3rcnn
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN ; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
\"@RussOnPolitics: The GOP establishment: Republican voters think Donald Trump would be most electable nominee. zhnWklsseS\"
\"@aews: Another clip that seems to vindicate The Donald... ffXmpjxUrV\"
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said \"not even close.\" Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
\"@Hot_Steam_: As a professional handicapper  is a 3/5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload\"
\"@TomNocera:  Your hand must be tired from all the Crippled America books you autographed tonight-one is mine.\"  Great!
\"@Jessi_Libertad: Show 'em how it's done in Raleigh tomorrow, President Trump! \" I will!
\"@MarkStahlbaum: Great job on O'Reilly  Stay who you are, it's refreshing.  #StayStrong\"
\"@Kacee50:  We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!\"
\"@GaryT212:   America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!\"
Watch my live book signing now! 1xnEdQyIhh
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer! 2XBs5SSRC3
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA now ; be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  TICkBt5xnH
Thank you!! #Trump2016 \nEjZTiQyQCW
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week! R83Xq8kXp5
Via @DrudgeReport: tGu2vCGNYq
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi. vwht7S0QC3
Thank you! Vote in 2016! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain XFD3h2N50J
Thank you! #Trump2016 tcyun7Mffy
CRIPPLED AMERICA is the perfect gift for friends ; family. Order signed copy ; join me at 7:30pm, live streaming! TICkBt5xnH
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends ; family. Order signed copy ; join me tonite live streaming 7:30 \n    TICkBt5xnH
\"@robstanley79:  Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration.\" Nice!
\"@2timeslucky:  @DLake66675 @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16 The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with  President Trump\"
\"@derektheeight: Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found...\"
\"@PatrickAnna:  You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!\" True!
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
\"@politico: Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do' 9K9rN5KIHP | AP Photo TbtmIuziUp\"
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
\"@Co: CBS reports \"swarms\" of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001‼️‼️ VIDEO: 1KBPRCSXEt C6nKmbQK8a\"
\"@iliveamongyou: @chucktodd APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain nUsAbueyaL …\"
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
\"@DLake66675: @ChateauEmissary @trumpettes16  his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.
\"@Mike05999224: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MediaBuzzFNC start backing  real change is coming !\"
\"@theratzpack: @PattonDivision if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
\"@SaraGreenwell:  #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump\"
\"@Blacks4Trump16: Legal ; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump\"
\"@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then \"WE\" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump
\"@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump\"
\"@DanScavino: Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed  today. #TeamTrump OY4Uo3tcJu
\"@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
\"@iceblink62:  Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!\" True!
\"@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!\"
\"@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!\"
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now ; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  TICkBtn8ff
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS ; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. \n#Trump2016 AsxnfFWipJ
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald AKgvYBZHEE
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook ; Periscope! FQHNiJet2v
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate V6TP55dRAC
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA ; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   TICkBt5xnH
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016\nAtuacgxOW1
\"@ReversingASD: @CNN @CNNOpinion  Stupid \"opinion\"! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! 2gmWapqqOE\"
\"@fooschamp95: @business @nytimes    Any GOP candidate will lose except for \" I agree!
\"@Christo20722105:  @TrussElise Conservatives, Dems, independents alike all want trump. There is no one else. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@TrussElise: #Trump I will NOT vote for Cruz or #GOP. My vote is pledged to  ;my grandchildren. Pray for the USA.
\"@Dollfinish: @AgsEliza @Citizens4Trump  ***Howard Stern Caller day after 9/11 1d9ySVrvty … …\"
\"@iluvbks1:  I live in NJ ; you've got that right! NJ wants ChrisChristie OUT of NJ! #tellingitlikeitis\"
\"@HyperbolicX:  I just signed up in support of your campaign on your website mq1It15s5b.\"
\"@joyciej2:  Have a great rally !!!#Trump2016\"
\"@KathyPica1: @DanScavino @CarmineZozzora   YES HE IS ; SHOULD APOLOGIZE All people trying 2 take Trump down, not a chance\"
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Order a signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA ; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm   TICkBt5xnH
What is Obama thinking? YWINe9t8w3
Curtis Sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001. Good job Curtis. Please send your apologies to . g07VZmNmAW
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the NY Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies? b6DKEOk8Px
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA makes a great gift. Order ; join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3   TICkBt5xnH
A great night in Macon, Georgia! Thank you for all of the support. Together, we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! NnyonhWcye
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA ; have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3 TICkBt5xnH
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
We need a great leader- now! TSuU2Xe7EM
We better be vigilant, careful, and strong.  ADb1Tss9Jg
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
\"@charlottepturn: @Morning_Joe THERE WERE NO VIDEO CELL PHONES!IS AreUall looking4bonus?Near StJoes Hosp Paterson NJ Arab area outside celeb
\"@wzpd8z: Mr. Trump, Chuck Todd is a moron, all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. I would show it on your ads.\"
\"@wompol:  @CNN we also saw numerous (since scrubbed) videos of celebrations on 9/11\"
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
\"@BeckyOmz: @JuvenIle  @thehill We could use a new era of greatness! America needs to return to its place in the world--leading!\"
\"@Barber2012Jeff:  John Kasich-it didn't work I'm still voting for #Trump\" John has done so poorly in the debates he's done!
\"@ThisWeekABC: Maria, why do you work with such dummies as Cokie Roberts, @BillKristol, @mattbai? You can do much better! @MariaTCardona.
\"@lee_richter:  TRUMP will make America SAFE again...He will make America LEGAL again...He will make America GREAT again! #Trump2016 USA\"
\"@Dmsrcmc12Bob:  They should all get on the Trump train!\"  So true!
\"@Born2RunJosh:  @Antonio92692 @CNNPolitics Trump for president! #TRUMP2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Rketeltas:  Every time Trump is gracious enough to do a MSM interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions, why is that.\"
\"@Antonio92692: @CNNPolitics  TRUMP IS THE SMARTEST AND BEST MAN TO SAVE AMERICA. 6pf1a0yDRa\"  Thank you!
\"@johnwilson12511:    is Up! Up! Up! No other candidate is even close!! #Trump2016 #POTUS 6c1KuhCY6W\"
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
\"@boogiefinger:  @meetthepress @chucktodd Chuck doesn't know that 100,000 x 2 = 200,000 WZI8EbqZTi\"
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
\"@thatx209xguy:  @DailyCaller Trump is our last hope to make America great again. #Trump2016\" So true!
\"@Asmurfinmypants: I can't wait to vote for  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@DailyCaller: How High Corporate Taxes Lost America The World’s Next Biggest Drug Company tsrFghb7l2 12vwdc0cPs
\"@Allibiis:  @ArtPar17 @CNN story is bogus. Donald Trump has the most diverse group of voters/supporters in the GOP field.\"
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
\"@Pablo44x: @CNN  Another hit piece by CNN. \"What? We're not biased!\"\"
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
\"@ArtPar17: @CNN   Your story is a total fraud\"  I agree!
\"@JacoH: @CNN  I can't believe how low CNN can go. Obviously a bunch of Killary fans.\" @CNN only says negative-bad reporters
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
\"@buckleybro40:  @RichLowry @maggieNYT @TheFix @pbump  so great in Sarasota, FL! #TurntTrump We're following T all the way!\"
\"@nobaddog: @RepBJNikkel @CindyBlackwel12 JohnKasich  All you career Politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear Trump gets elected\"
\"@Jameslauer6: @David360NC @azblonde2015 NOW'S THE TIME 4 CHRISTIANS TO GET OUT THE VOTE BIG TIME TO SAVE CHRISTIANITY ONCE ; 4 ALL. TRUMP\"
Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5,000, a record, but 12,000 showed up! Great love in the air! utmlCpGNGu
We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota earlier ; will be landing soon! See you there. #Trump2016 x4RbbKXHCu
\"@munciewolves:  America backs you. Your our next President!!!!\" Thank you!
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@Trump2016online: Live Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Sarasota, FL Nov 28 - 12:00 PM (EST) OSkVKDRhrr #Trump2016 #RobartsArena
\"@tweetybird2009: @GulfWarVet123 That's why 's THE MAN. CANNOT BE BOUGHT BY #Establishment #Media #PUNDITS. #TheyRMad
Pollster Trend \nNational GOP Average\n223 national polls ; 33 pollsters.\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 mILAGwjvS2
\"@MargaretCrowth1:  Incompetence now the norm. NYTimes is an example. Need competent leader as role model. Trump2016\"
\"@reallyo1:  @MarkSimoneNY Don't let the jackals in the media trip u up. Their getting desperate\"
\"@MargaretCrowth1:  So like the media to make something out of nothing. Don't let them sidetrack from the message.\"
\"@DeusVultGeorgia: @MingBlueTeaCup @RickCanton @_Holly_Renee  should the reporter's dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?\"
\"@VaughnVhalen: Donald Trump Rises to 38% Nationally; Ted Cruz Edges into 2nd at 12%
\"@MarkSimoneNY: Great twitter quote about Donald Trump: \"Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
\"@Rketeltas:  If you combine the business models for both Macy's ; the NY Times, both are on a rapid decline, such a pity.\"
\"@pthebnyc:  @Sari_Swensen @nytimes no need to explain, Sir. We've got your back.\"  Thanks!
\"@BeezakaMrB:  Shopping @Macys is NO LONGER a family CHRISTMAS TIME tradition in my house.\" Great, a very disloyal chain!
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Great new poll numbers! Thank you for your support! #Trump2016 vmrsOnsMRo
\"@PrisonPlanet: . gets it. Never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended  media.\"
T5JBFXOz3F
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
\"@RioSunny3:  @WKRG I lived in New Jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well.
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
\"@Keeping__Real: So good to see the  family out with him on the campaign trail! It really shows the family man that he is!\"
Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI\nUICDNcftJS via @WKRG
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 r9ARuMdyMn
I LIVE IN NEW JERSEY ;  IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE! WE SAW IT! 1SksZU9qlj
\"@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of . Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump
Thank you for your continued support!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 SLo49cY9KB
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
\"@FranMFarber:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal!\" True!
\"@jbclemson:  @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself\"
\"@raider8381:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews   America wants DONALD TRUMP! \"TV Heads\" still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.\"
\"@patty_laughlin: DonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016\"
\"@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
\"@idawhannadoyou:  @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
\"@GlendaAhrens:  @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016\"
\"@MichaelCohen212: . @OANN no one is even close to #Trump\"
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 JlY5sbumpY
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
\"@PatSheldon10913:  had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.\"
New @OANN national poll released. Thank you America! #Trump2016 yopcngFzFv
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
.@BradPaisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy. duJ7vXLGZw
\"@cecki: Leave our candidate  alone! Do not embarrass yourselves further.
\"@Maryland4T: @SmallBiz4Trump Keep up the good work! Americans of ALL kinds are rallying behind jlDonaldTrump to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@Nick95B:  I'll only vote for TRUMP! If eGOP screw things up I won't vote for ANY republicans; ANY mHyCIL9VpD
\"@AnnCoulter: If you run anyone but Trump, Hillary wins. So Rubio, Christie, Jeb! ; Kasich must hate the country. lExEBrwDT3\"
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
\"@Good2bqueen67: . @Sandikay60 I enjoyed the speech so much tonight, you were on point 👆 Sir!\"  Thanks.
\"@Sandikay60:  it was awesome! #Trumponly. Great crowd! Wonderful\"
\"@Port3Star: @JDiamond1 @CNNPolitics You know he has great vision. The very best. Many people have told him so. Thousands of people!\"
\"@JeffPage5:  @WSJ @GOP they're finally gettin the message, we're fed up ; we're not going establishment.
\"@David360NC: We have a voice with DonaldTrump, Let’s do our part ; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TeamTrump 2xHujNNNFT\"
\"@beingmesuzieeJ: ... You ROCKED IT AGAIN IN OHIO!!!! Come to Nebraska.. Please!! Trump 2016!!\" Thanks and I will!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
\"@iliveamongyou:  @BostonGlobe: Ben Carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy phTAgT5qP6 044xgNYLth\"
\"@DonnySmith557:  Everything Mr. Trump touches turns to gold, what a great negotiator! !!!!!\" Thanks.
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
Via @washingtonpost 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! CpsMxs54qv wrDEhXJlvR
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Hillary, there is nothing to laugh about- bkmWFZ9JI9
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family ; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
\"@ny_conservative:  @BarbMuenchen #CrippledAmerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #TeamTrump #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@ktd101551: @CNNPolitics Trump gave a great speech in Ala. What's more important a protester? I wouldn't give these folks 1 sec of attn\"
\"@jrpantiques:  @TheFix @pbump THE SCRIPT FOR A GREAT WORLD CHANGING LEADER TO ARISE HAS BEEN WRITTEN ; IT WAS FOR MR. TRUMP
\"@bloggerjulie: @FoxNews The reporter is the one who mentioned the national database FIRST and not DonaldTrump. Y not report HONEST NEWS?\"
\"@MJP1370:  @TheFix @pbump We need Trump now! Obama isn't protecting Americans !!\"
\"@TheFix: The Paris attacks have only made Donald Trump stronger F8vgxYNa5t Y3SevhrRp1\" Very interesting!
\"@drewtheg:  Trump is the epitome of integrity, good spirit, forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it!\"
\"@jakub_lisa:  @HillaryClinton A Clinton Cannot be trusted!How many x's do we allow them to disgrace this country? #NoClintonInWHEverAgain\"
\"@SeanSean252: @WayneDupreeShow @Rockprincess818 @CheriJacobus    5GUwhhtvyN\"
\"@heiressarts:  By going after you, Jindal also lost the LA governor race! Politicians Beware.
Great poll numbers! Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 51CRR6m5Eg
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
\"@iliveamongyou: URGENT “@GOP…in an effort to destroy their own front runner.” #MakeAmericaGreatAgain HWABcAeu8z\"  I HIT BACK!
\"@2timeslucky: @steph93065 @FoxNews Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights; told the TRUTH about Trump! wwmKjAbIlR\"
\"@TomLydon: What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style D5fG5cY25U @DanSondhelm\" Very nice, thanks!
\"@boreed615: Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll: G8z5ek7emn # via AOL\"
\"@Ma1973sk: Great family. Great interview  ! IFcjTwd5ey\"
\"@marklevinshow: Well said Is4xshwUpg\"
\"@WayneDupreeShow: \"It’s clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!\" 3tLDZj2WGV\"
\"@FortuneMagazine: Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else? SBkP1QZKEh 15ZgyzSr1J\"
\"@foxnation: Report: #DonaldTrump Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center 8p4yBnbEL5\"
\"@politico: Palin on 2016: \"I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump!  jSNS5Yv7Pt | Getty y5wN0AhK0E\"
\"@GStephanopoulos: I’ll talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on @ThisWeekABC.\"
\"@THR: Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: \"There’s No One Else Like Him\" wOn9AwEyNk WXsq41nK17\"
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!\n#LEO #LESM #Trump2016 SuH1jfOQR4
Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain FrOkqCzBoD
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try ; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for \nwonderful analysis ; reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, ; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you @BreitbartNews. \nIGUh57zOJz
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire ; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, \"Crippled America.\" Check it out!
\"@tas0727:  Make America Great again vote Donald Trump\"
\"@jaazee1: @CNN anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's  comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.
\"@thetylerjames9:  cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!\"
\"@RustyBlissUSA:   we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State. #Trump2016 #TeamTrump\"
\"@TLCastle:  Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?\" YES, soon.
\"@RenaSummersLtd: Watched @ABCNetwork special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!\"
\"@michaelglassner: A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump ; #TeamTrump! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Re655JmhqJ\"
\"@realkingrobbo:  @hotroddergirl You're the hero America needs! #Trump2016\"  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!
\"@BornToBeGOP:  Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!\" Cute!
\"@hiddenspeed42: @AY4WEB  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump\"
\"@TCash78:  @VincentKunicki @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews he will make America great again
\"@realkingrobbo:  @Greg39529063 @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters the best man for the job!\" Thanks!
\"@ClassySnobbb:  AMAZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Greg39529063:  @ABC2020 @ABC @BarbaraJWalters Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!\"
\"@hotroddergirl:  trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you.\"
\"@VincentKunicki:  @kimguilfoyle @FoxNews Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you\" Nice!
Join us at 10pmE on @ABC2020 @ABC with @BarbaraJWalters! #MeetTheTrumps #ABC2020 vMeLS00GnJ
#ICYMI: I joined #OnTheRecord with @kimguilfoyle on @FoxNews this evening. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nFlJutjpR35
\"@2timeslucky:  No one can take  down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!
\"@JamesPWilson1:  When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed\"
\"@mia_liner: @GSRPygmies   Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
\"@smith_jere:  You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!\"  So nice.
Tune into the legendary @BarbaraJWalters at 10pmE on\n@ABC2020 tonight. #MeetTheTrumps for a full hour @ABC #ABC2020! exF5aUhrEW
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
\"@The2ndguardsUS:  ROLL TIDE\"
\"@samsellars:  North Carolina. Come on down.\"  Will be there very soon!
\"@meganweaver321:  Alabama loves you\"  Great!
\"@Unicurls:  I'll be in attendance. #YUGE #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #bamaforTrump\"  Nice!
\"@GeraldSoelz: Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan.\"
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration ; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @ABC2020 . Don't miss it! JHTF7f9aTo
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC ; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, ; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., ; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 kWWMlmy7gQ
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism ; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength- 28VsmV8xng
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters tonight @ABC - 10pmE. cm4fv1Ye9L
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders \"MASTERMINDS.\" Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum! #Trump2016 #IAForums 092t2VrMEw
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete ; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign ; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 D6QinyBLW6 sZDJr3Tkd8
Just the beginning ; it is going to get worse. Rates ; deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. iwqLODke50
I told you! Premiums are soaring! #RepealObamacare #Trump2016 \nEy50582uND
Thank you for your support! Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 qni36GI6fV
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration ; the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG ; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
\"@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll:  'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, ; Kasich 7\"
Via Politico: \"Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll\" PaJOAi3rGa
Very nice article from Daily Mail  SIxmYzPXv1
Great New Poll  178k1ERFqT
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.\n  y9fqUUYRnD
\"@KatrinaPierson: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Aja00L81uf\"  Katrina, great job on @FoxNews last night!
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 G7o6b0cfZz
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC.… 28q3QgfIbM
\"@Ashevillelaura:  @seanhannity @FoxNews Obama has no credibility on terrorist threats ; ISIS. Trump best to protect us\"
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible ; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
What is our President doing? 8p0A80kaaX
\"GOP Voters Trust Donald Trump to Keep Our Country Safe\" TWslpJPQG0
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016 RNZ3hvbVvM
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Great poll numbers out of @UMassAmherst. Thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nePlQRgjMYw
Just leaving Knoxville, TN --- what a crowd, what amazing people! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 5qr5deOlEl
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
I agree! The headline says it all. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nTWslpJPQG0
Discussing #SyrianRefugees with @EricBolling on @FoxNews back on 10/3/2015. #ISIS rUX57o2BzM
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big ; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties ; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Interesting article from highly respected Wayne Allyn Root 1esS0QV46V
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
\"@SarahPalinUSA: From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.
\"@StreetR77:  @JohnLegere @TMobile didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service.\"
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
\"@peg4cats: @TerryLambert201  you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration\"
\"@760_831: @DanSaltsman  @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump  I have faith he will win and save America\"
\"@760_831: @DanSaltsman  @MichaelCohen212 @IvankaTrump i have faith he will win and save America\"
\"@Parker_Votes: We finally have a voice with  Let’s do our part ; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy fIl3hXOERS\"
\"@syoka68: Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again\"
\"@davenorthYV: Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying\"
\"@RealReagan0503: If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow lOppBvYMRy by \"
\"@Hturne:  @VanityFair  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity\"
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
\"@USATrumpDiva: Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters uZ5nZUuqKq\"
\"@mholsbunes: Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy: ifVJmLw2Sx Presidential candidate??\"
\"@thewatcher23579: One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING\"
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
. on ISIS;OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! @AndersonCooper, you should acknowledge this! #Trump2016 ocoB9WlP7R
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
\"@mnrosrnr:  the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius\"
\"@TejadaDennes:  Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth. #HispanicsForTrump #DemocratsForTrump\"
\"@tasteofaz: Poll: Trump Surges to 42% Nationally; ‘Bad News for Marco Rubio’ 9IrLrlpjfM \"  Great news!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
\"@Oliviaand24:  TrumpOn America needs you in office Now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@redletter99:  I absolutely love this, can't wait till u debate Clinton\"
\"@TomRichey: Enough of these party debates. What I wanna see is a @SenSanders vs  one on one debate!\" That would be easy!
\"@jaslohr_:  are you watching this circus?!? #DemDebate what a joke! #Trump2016\"
\"@jcooper75: #DemDebate this debate stinks. CBS News, major fail. \"
Great news out of New Hampshire! DonaldTrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17% behind him! #Trump2016 hASWradHMe\"
\"@MikeOG_:  was right! close the borders! #Trump2016\"
\"@Gman0623:  @HaloOneForTrump @FoxNews @CNN @GOP I love you Trump! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\"
\"@shawnlivinlife: I still haven't heard the WH say the words islamic terrorist. Call it what it is. #Trump2016 can't happen fast enough.
\"@HaloOneForTrump:  has what MONEY CAN'T BUY: VISION ; LOYAL ; MOTIVATED SUPPORT! #veterans #military  @foxnews @cnn @GOP\"
\"@jrpantiques:  @ABCinSC @KatrinaPierson THE WORLD IS PLAYING EVERYTHING RIGHT FOR TRUMP! EVERY DAY HIS POINTS ARE PROVEN\"
\"@dlt912:  you definitely have my vote!👍🏻\"
\"@ABCinSC:  - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. Gloves off, game on! l2ea1ZJ5Ps\"
\"@Mario_Posillico:  you need to win for not just America, but for humanity.\"
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said \"ISIL continues to shrink\" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
Great honor to be inducted into the NJ Boxing Hall of Fame last night. Thank you! Timing could not have been better! IU6peXoVL2
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper ; pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS 5-DAY ROLLING POLL: TRUMP 34%, CARSON 19.6%, RUBIO 9.7%, CRUZ 7.7%...\" Thank you - a great honor!
Happy Friday the 13th Br6AUzgGoi
Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support @IowaCentral ; @ethanolbyPOET this evening! #Trump2016 #IACaucus mJzLcXjtpf
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!\n#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed! #BoycottMacys WsvZtwZbBf
Thank you @Forbes for showing the @WSJ was wrong. So dishonest! wOjEXdEkNg
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Total fool @KarlRove is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy! \n  CxLHA87hS1
.@WSJ and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.\nt9JZGIUAYl
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want \"smart\" trade deals.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was \"so, so.\"
\"@ellenEspence: I'm not convinced that any candidate other than  is committed to securing our borders. #VoteTrump2016\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  You will bring out more voters to vote for you than we've seen in any election!\" Great.
\"@frankieguy85: This 92-Year-Old Woman Registered to Vote Just to Cast a Ballot for Trump 6REhiGankb\"
\"@Christianlord12:  RUBIO sat back during debate on Immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about Gang of 8. sevUe7bikR\"
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you @Morning_Joe ; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain teauhiQd3i
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
\"@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new ; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
People Magazine: \"Donald Trump Was Right: He Gave SNL Its Best Ratings in Nearly 4 Years--Plus, What You Didn't See\" Bh7K8l0bIO
Thank you South Carolina! #Trump2016 DDK89IcmxX
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016 YUIBEP7JcZ
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
\"@ray_aub:  Funny all the real polls have  way ahead.
\"@jspence80: @jspence80: Like him or hate him  runs a brilliant campaign for #POTUS2016 !\"  Thank you!
\"@curtismuddog: @limbaugh @seanhannity  is Hillary's worst nightmare! Just take a look at Illinois rally last night.\"
\"@JezzaK: If the Trump Hotel Honolulu is any reflection how you would be as President then I think the U.S will be in good hands\" Thank you!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
\"@foxnation: #DonaldTrump Gives SNL Its Biggest Ratings In Years zMnZoMamu9\"
\"@piersmorgan: Why  nailed SNL. My new column. 2mIMzNRMOc\"
\"@USATODAY: Donald Trump lifted #SNL to its best ratings since 2012.  h2jQI9PpvP (Photo: NBC) YLlXQO9mtf\"
\"@foxandfriends:  Trump helps ‘SNL’ blow roof off the ratings, most viewers since 2012 Z0pCZYXxcp a28U65mge6\"
\"@Fox411: DonaldTrump 'Saturday Night Live' episode garners highest viewership since 2012 AFMcaRWGm2 n5Zw20H9zp\"
\"@BreitbartNews: Ratings were HUGE for 's appearance on Saturday Night Live -&gt; wdQXRq36yF\"
\"@JimmyGould07: Only one man has the appeal, nerve, commitment, ideas, ; motivation. He's the icon, business tycoon, and lovable DonaldTrump
\"@burgettn: @AB1132  it's the only way we can make America great again.\"
\"@kniala:  Exactly. Marco has no accomplishments.\"
\"@freedoms411: @wakeuppeopleSOS @mitchellvii  @CNN @ABC @CBS It shouldn't be ignored, and I doubt it will be, Carson will drop in polls.\"
\"@teed_chris: @Loyal2Trump2016 @TrumpAlabama  @FoxNews Look when you try to kill Your mom,that's it for me ,no walking on water\"
\"@KazmierskiR:  @DonaldJTrumpJr OuTsTaNdInG!!! Is obvious that Jr. has much of his father's 'charisma' and intelligence!\"
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 arJERjlYCO
Thank you to @NYPost's Robert Rorke for the really nice review of #SNL. So many enjoyed it - very gratifying! TT29WgelUT
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration ; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat ; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
A great evening in Springfield, Illinois. Thank you for all of the support! #Trump2016 mqOfuI08PX
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thanks Piers. Greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan  2mIMzNRMOc
.@CNN  should listen. Ana Navarro has no talent, no TV persona, and works for Bush—a total conflict of interest.  mynTMrdTE9
.@Betsy_McCaughey Thanks so much. Really appreciate your comments.  I will help the veterans like no one else.   2iK0mWpuJx
\"@dlustv: Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat... sNQZv8YPaO\"
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
\"@TradingStreetCo:Donald Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL... leEPs9OoAe  @FoxNews  @CNN
\"@Variety: Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted #SNL to a near four-year high. DDhsj9SZ03 jFYaKx2WYW\" TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!
\"@Watchman4the1: Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is “Totally Committed To Obama’s Immigration Agenda” yieqFMRxwH DonaldTrump
\"@salyboy3:  great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny.\"  Thanks.
\"@WineChics: Trump Winery: JBFhqq2OGt via @WineChics Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery​ Beautiful fall foliage
\"@mcjeff42:  you made SNL great again\"  @nbcsnl
\"@SpecialKMB1969: @nbcsnl   was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #TrumpTrainSNL #TrumpOnSNL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@MyPresidentme: @EricShawnonFox That's because people are interested in you, ; you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary #Trump2016
\"@tegodreaux:  @EricShawnonFox HUUUUUGE\"
\"@EmitteLucemTuam:  @EricShawnonFox Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!\"
\"@coltsfan322:  @EricShawnonFox bO63wm27qE\"
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary ; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
\"@CleopattraUSA:  @nbcsnl You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow #SNL
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
\"@HillsGypsydad05:  @foxandfriends Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  Thank you!
\"@justintupper:  You are a machine. Success leaves clues. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
\"@nbcsnl: What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone! #SNL 10fmssLyDE\"
\"@mcjeff42:  you made SNL great again\"
\"@EEGRC98:  I am Hispanic - I am with you\"
\"@ccakul:  it was a great show!\"
\"@PizzaPartyBen:  we need you elected tomorrow!\"
\"@jackmarchione:  Loved the show!\"
\"@wakeupfla: Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA! AKZO4lTnLj\"
\"@ChristineMMoran:  great show !!! gcvaTeo4lk\"
\"@redletter99:  thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts?\" Very soon!
\"@David360NC: We finally have a voice with   Let’s do our part ; VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy ri0ORHBefU\"
\"@martydrinksbeer:  It was FANTASTIC!!\"
\"@b_ranzetta: The books great  #CrippledAmerica SIQSKhZa9s\"
\"@PearlsPolkaDots:  Loved the show! Best #SNL in years! #TrumpTrainSNL\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a \"tweeting\" skit, so stay tuned!
\"@sherrysue66: I am working a #12HR #AMERICAN SHIFT BUT WILL STAY UP 2 WATCH! I COULD USE A SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE LAUGH! #WE♡U. Nice.
\"@jak00seven: If you like how @HillaryClinton handled #Benghazi, then you'll just ♥ her as Commander-in-Chief  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Waxking911: @CBSNews   3r0jabQKzi\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  You want them here legally and they want to be here legally!\"
\"@AmesMoreno: @DesignerDeb3 @garyinlv01 @sueinwny @megynkelly  mGgGuxnYiG\"  Wow Marco, is this true?
\"@BMW_e38forever:  so let it be written, so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016! V6fXXEFSvD\"
\"@RealCinders2:  use SNL to tell Hispanics you are for them , you want them to have jobs and be here legally\" Great idea!
\"@Albusinvogue: @Sia is performing, DonaldTrump is hosting. Tonight's #saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary. hMB6OreNh9\"
\"@nbcsnl: From the last time Donald Trump hosted #SNL — The Boardroom Band. dL7y4dCWhL apGm3gKNdD\"
\"@nbcsnl: Backstage with Trump. #SNL 8CTmfAnyro\"
\"@nbcsnl: Everyone loves @Sia’s new look. #SNL oqsASGtwpb\"
\"@nbcsnl: Cecily also has a Trump impression. rlMwEqXFG3 #SNL Kk1JFO7RDC\"
\"@nbcsnl: See you at Rockefeller Center. #SNL C4Kx5qId6M\"
\"@nbcsnl: We're live from Studio 8H tonight. #SNL Uiq9llzwEC\"
\"@tazz53098:  can't wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live\"
\"@keksec_org:  I haven't seen anyone carry themselves so Presidential since Reagan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Great!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
\"@HouseCracka: Donald Trump is going to win the Presidency. Get on board the #TrumpTrain its going to be #YUGE\"  Thanks.
\"@Live5News: Live from New York, Donald Trump will soon be hosting 'SNL': LAIUCTCxGb\" Frazier, enjoy the show and best wishes!
\"@SocialInNewYork: We unearthed Donald Trump's Vine account from 2013 and it's incredible UVMusN4Bmv\" Thank you.
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
\"@essygalloway:  @nbcsnl @Sia  I can't wait to watch snl tomorrow.\" A really big show!
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
\"@Bubbachitchat1: THIS IS WHY THE POLLS ARE WRONG! @Hanan_Khan2: I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump\"\"
\"@nbcsnl: One more day! Donald Trump hosts #SNL with @Sia tomorrow. MMRYVpPpKu ENx4acClxg\" Will be a wild night!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
\"@FBeadon:  don't let the Keystone Pipeline die. The US needs to be good neighbors with Canada, and energy independent.\"
\"@PhinsDiehard: @CNN  Only Donald Trump can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thank you!
Will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill! AgYUvlCU1u
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
\"@swargcoming:  @AnnCoulter @rushlimbaugh @greta @OANN @FoxNews IS CARSON HALLUCINATING? NOW LIES ABOUT WESTPOINT? lvv0MRfgtH\"
\"@bob_forbes2: DonaldTrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. He keeps his promises. VBFuJOWIMa
\"@pjs307: @WalshFreedom Will be highest rated show ever,  is a marketing genius #SNL\" Hope it does well!
\"@DefendingtheUSA: GREAT Video. Which of these 4 Polls is Suspect? Kudos to @OANN  kKlRLIDrLC #Trump BiEUTt2k6Z\"
\"@eric_wagaman94: Super excited to watch  tomorrow night on @nbcsnl #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@bigsampolkcoga:  @GovChristie @MikeHuckabeeGOP @FoxBusiness and they kept Rand Paul on the main stage. Let's get Huck and Christie back.\"
\"@TrumpsMyHomeboy:  @Robostop10 @politico The #MSM straw man candidate is falling apart!👊🏽\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  @Robostop10 @politico How anyone could see him as president baffles me. Lies and insane theories.
\"@CaptainMark_:  @Robostop10 KEEP IT COMMING TRUMP!!!! People need to be warned about that Carson figure who is not who they think!\"
Getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. asHECYFBRv
\"@Robostop10:  This is not good. lvv0MRfgtH\"  WOW, one of many lies by Ben Carson! Big story.
\"@JimmyForTrump: @insighter007 @OAmericanGirl  All Rep should stand with #Trump2016 Forget Bush, Rubio and knife attackers! #Trump2016\"
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie ; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid ; good guys. @FoxBusiness
Carson now admits his friend named \"Bob,\" who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson \"is trying to solidify his lead.\" But I am #1, easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
\"@rhinostate: . @GrundleMan27 Rubio is a Manchurian Candidate. People will own him if he ever became president.\"
\"@AliceEngle3: -huge lead in Reuters National poll afdvXHzvIx\"
\"@GrundleMan27: Marco Rubio can't even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the U.S. finances #trump\"
\"@reganharycki:  it's about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! lfI1rUjWRV\"
\"@Rick_Sa: @greta Interesting presidential race; Carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer, and  beats Carson in the polls!
\"@DeeMcNa: @FoxNews Silent majority did not try to kill their mothers, like Ben Carson, but wants America rebuilt by only one capable:TRUMP\"
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
\"@SoCal4Trump: Wow @megynkelly. You openly LIE about who's ahead in the GOP race. Trump is LEADING in 99% of polls. Shameful... #StopTheLies
\"@keksec_org:  Ivanka said it and you said it too, you'll be great for women. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@chriskyleband: TRUMP Supporters aren't Angry We're Smart ! We're Men / Women / Millennials / Politically Saavy  2uokmrkRWd\"
\"@SandraJenners: I love to see the respect you have shown to your parents, siblings and children. Proven Respect and Class needed in USA!\"
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
\"@Reagan_Girl: MSM are LYING to you about Hispanics hating Trump. Here's the real deal!  #HispanicsForTrump zGXIwsKnlC\"
Rubio lied about my meeting w/ Hispanic activists. I didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect. Shame! \nO9Kgfi5xcH
\"@marklindsay78: @Hanan_Khan2  poll numbers are higher then most think, no one is asking Democrats if they are voting Trump\"
\"@TeamSpringsteen:  I just finished reading Crippled America. It's a detailed blueprint to get America back on track.\"
\"@NottaLiberal:  @destiny @seanhannity No need, Everyone knows Jeb is full of blank.
\"@curtismuddog: @destiny @seanhannity JEB'S! Whole campaign is fueled by lies. Just like his brother lied about Iraq. BUSH DYNASTY=LIES\"
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I \"ran for president twice.\" Never ran, merely considered running!
\"@Hanan_Khan2:  I am a lifelong democrat. And I will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrump\"  Great!
\"@lizzym420: @amrightnow  What other candidate begins to rival Trump in his knowledge, breadth of issues, stamina?\" Thanks!
\"@Destiny: Why didn't @seanhannity correct Jeb when he said  has run 4 president 2X B4~Jeb needs 2B corrected b/c he lied.\"
\"@spiritofshiloh: Carson has the WORST health plan EVER re: Soc Sec and Medicare.   He wants to abolish Medicare - no way!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, \"he's my friend!\" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say \"disloyal guy, no friend!\"
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 f9ujgy3NSk
\"@JoshuaEnglishh:   every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled\"
\"@peter_smells:  Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan\"
\"@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICA\nThe new book by  is best seller in the making.\"
\"@svn2hd:  Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.\"
\"@JudgeMoroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from  on dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!\"
\"@SJavner: Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP\"
\"@seanhannity:  on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.”
\"@DougDWiley:  I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!\"
\"@nbcsnl: Shooting promos for #TrumpOnSNL with Cecily and . K1JKOgHrhY\"
\"@Mr_Holtzworth:  Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News IhaCiY07US via @YouTube\"
\"@JulesSiscoe: The Complete  Interview: Getting Things Done OTLC2XpFRv via @bpolitics\"
\"@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with  , Let’s do our part ; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy\"
\"@misstozak:  @seanhannity @OANN This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016. gsXFtFNuix\"
\"@TwallMa: . He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book! sMoLTsiSAk\"
\"@norge1956:  uV345JyDdF\"  Rubio wants Common Core for education.
\"@DJTrump2016: DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15) hvEavMtbac  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@ethansimmons111: @DanScavino  d9QlsddCRy\"
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Marco Rubio would keep Barack Obama’s executive order on amnesty intact. See article. Cannot be President. \n   \n  JW5f8OouyA
\"@LookerCherry:  The polls are for the news cycle. Trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust, \"don't doubt me\"
\"@realOllieTaylor:  @Freedomr@OANN Trump is the only one who can make America great again. Carson's sleepy, Jeb low energy.\"
\"@keksec_org:  Your performances in every state have been amazing! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
\"@Freedomrings22:  I Trust @OANN 's polls They are actually really Fair and really balanced on all their news\" Iowa lead!
\"@JayJohnsonLikes:  been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. I'll see you at noon!\"
\"@TIMENOUT:  Book in hand waiting for The Next President 83tJMZUUIa\"
\"@freebird_Pepper:  is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions!
\"@DianeHauschildt: @FoxNews @freelancer1787  @RealBenCarson 0EVXJ7WW6C\"
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
\"@NickEgoroff: BREAKING: Latest poll of Florida voters shows enormous lead for Trump! He'd beat Hillary! TvLEH4NcXt #tcot\"
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
\"@HarpAmyStabler: @FS1  @ColinCowherd this interview is great.\"
\"@kingster73:  Rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn't show up for work! Who would hire him? Not the American People!
\"@TdavisTonya: @brucedhendrix @Poetry4Bitcoin  Nope. Trump isn't taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. Trump is donating all to charity\"
\"@kemper34: @TheHerd @ColinCowherd  @FS1 Great interview. Ranks just above the @JimHarbaugh49 interview.\"
\"@theBrandonMcKee: Read all about the Wollman deal and many other successful deals in \"The Art of the Deal\" by \"
\"@shelbycockaxe:  Trump is our last chance to turn this country around #Trump2016\"
\"@TrumpFix: @meganena13 @robertew2945 agreed Luisa.  WILL WIN! This is what he does!\"
\"@DDietlin3: @ColinCowherd fantastic job with your interview with  today!\"
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
My interview with @jheil ; @MarkHalperin at @WollmanRink airing at 5PM on @bpolitics. qErQu7CeEH
.@megynkelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that I’m up? wEhqux6Ss8
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Meet me at @TrumpTowerNY and get your copy of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA signed on 11/3 at 12pm! 9M0C0vc2fv
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
\"@trump_world: \"The MAN with a PLAN! Go Trump! We got your back! zXl6SyiWdm\" DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@Morning_Joe: Online poll:  'best to handle economy' by far SZvSzNzoIk\"  Very true, thanks!
\"@taurus82409: @Morning_Joe   DONALD TRUMP is the absolute WINNER!! You \"heads\" try to talk around him, WHY, WHY??? Go TRUMP!\"
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
\"@LandmanMarius:  @robmont777 @StrengthenTheUS @GOP WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!\"
\"@DAMRON88:  @BornToBeGOP I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again.\"
\"@Truth_or_Rumor:  It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store.\"  O.K.!
\"@Tar_Heel_73:  We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad  will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@HenryTheZebra:  America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster.\"
\"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  \"@robmo: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP . We The People want Mr Trump… #RT #CNN #HBO afbwQCvUDs\"
\"@robmont777: @StrengthenTheUS @GOP . We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!! rkppbgre0n\" Great pic
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
\"@BornToBeGOP:  9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!\" Thank you!
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a \"lightweight\".
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - \"Jeb can fix it\". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word \"fix\" is not a good one to use in politics!
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio  READ THIS: Tj85IsBPG8\"
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
\"@BellicWolf: @and_is_w Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!\"
\"@Michael_0000: [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] - 7c0VeVj5ko\"  Thanks Mike!
\"@N_R_Mandela:  And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!\"
\"@PaulaPedene: Trump Leads GOP, Carson Stays Strong, Rubio 3rd: Poll 7dfIDd0Edn\"
\"@PamelaJaneVP: Watch \"FULL Speech: Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Norfolk, VA (10-31-15)\" on YouTube - B4LkayZayE\"
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time ; money!
\"@SueSabo: MEDIA WANTS A PUPPET.WE WANT DONALD TRUMP TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, LAST CHANCE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT frUmviBPhR
\"@TheMsDlr: Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs - ABC News - MDArX5HKNk via @ABC\"
\"@CBSNews: WATCH: Donald Trump holds rally at USS Wisconsin in Virginia sjfTOxp4Kg 8FIDOPO37H\"  A great day.
\"@WayneDupreeShow: Trump:Our educational sys is ranked #28 in the world-Get rid of #CommonCore Watch LIVE and CHAT: tNBiaAXkry
\"@thehill: WATCH LIVE: Trump talks about treatment of veterans in Norfolk, Va. zPBVBhtH3V KVC8UbktDa\"
\"@costareports: The Post's latest on Trump: vqs4gN4sQU From Trump's rally today in Virginia: yg6z0SGPVM\"
\"@KatyTurNBC: This is the most focused Trump stump I've heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in Virginia.\"
.@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said \"NO THANKS\" Waste of time ; energy!
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
\"@DanielGenseric:  Another STRONG pro-American position with Dept of Veterans Affairs reform policy. #Trump2016 rhdiCocPyv\"
\"@BorderWall: Floridian here I quit watching debates years ago ; most TV except GATOR football until you decided to run for President\"
\"@sean_in_NH:  @realOllieTaylor so true. In all previous debates, no one watched and they were  cancelled\"
\"@twillnurse:  saw this and had to share! He wants to be you! Love it!!!! U r his HERO! dL22Vuon6q\" So cute!
\"@SallyAvicii2014:  @realOllieTaylor Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!\"
\"@JodiL792:  I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!\"
\"@antSTACKSgrieco:  you were great in it!!\" Thanks!
\"@realOllieTaylor:  no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them\"
\"@Rketeltas:  has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that ; will vote Trump!\" THANKS!
\"@shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @WSJ this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP\"
\"@danlifting:  I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 11/3. Trump all the way.
\"@hillx123:  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NbiUrwMY37\" Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain UWyANGV8IR
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy! rhdiCocPyv
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
\"@michael_favreau: @WSJ Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa G5sl0dgH0q\"
\"@Maxinerunner:  surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost  @BraveLad @TIMENOUT bTKoYjdPD0\"
\"@MarshallFSmith: @LexingtonBobby  And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald!\" Thanks!
\"@WavRidr101:  DO A FLYOVER @NauticusNorfolk USS WISCONSIN!\"  Cool idea, we will try!
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as \"SIR\"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
\"@dalva1616: So true! Vote  and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
\"@Hopeisalive66: We need a REAL change.  you are the only1who can stand up; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
\"@AnonymouSyndica: Donald Trump: I Think Obama ‘Hates Israel’ ICVK3981Sm\"
\"@Biracial_Chick: Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor. P69gvPCaR1\"
\"@JackDix03868724: Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60%\"
\"@SandraOpines:  I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain\" Nice.
\"@billboard: .@RodStewart on his (naked) \"young and carefree\" days and pal Donald Trump 47RflaEHXG\"  Rod, album is great!
\"@eonline: Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa, Lara Spencer or Mario Batali? YPMtXgKzrD\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  you are always many steps ahead of the game!\" Thank you.
\"@jimmcvey1: @eddiern  @DeusVultUSMC @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again.\" Cool!
\"@dblack15nc:  7IfJNe4XHn Republican is 28%; support for Carson is 23%.\"  Poll used by @megynkelly last month
\"@Roadstarr1:  @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
\"@smithsj1:  Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for, protect and care for our soldiers, including Vets?\"  YES, YES, YES!
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
\"@UnitedCitizen01: @DanScavino  Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin\"
\"@Parker_Votes: Everyone under 10% in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP  zu1QL95XqQ\"  Great idea!
\"@teed_chris: DonaldTrump,NAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD u4qcXps6QB\"
Happy Birthday to my friend @garyplayer...WuN4AV9IMT
Via The Political Insider: “Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!”\n  kFa5wxUXqE
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida\n  EhSFxH8N8U
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national ; state polls.
\"@giatny:  Rubio an orator/liar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney.\"
\"@FreeStateYank: \"The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is.\"~@rushlimbaugh on .\"
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Post-Debate via @OANN. Thank you!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nVHyPDZFKPZ
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you! 7JBjeWt6XK
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
\"@ZankMatt: Another WIN!  yvW3WFA1mP\"
\"@victoryorbust: The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !  @Reince @blewthebigone 5kAtLBBFJA\"
\"@Kotcha301:  I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS! 5gIjiPufMx\" Thank you.
\"@neraex: I'm not even american and I want to see  win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!\"
\"@xXFlameriumXx:  @MikeandDawnNY Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump\"
\"@skillethead58:  hell of a job\"
\"@derekcarlson: People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth\"
\"@BentleyforTrump:  @DRUDGE_REPORT We need a wall not a Rubio\"
\"@ApolloBohono69:  This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 💚\"  Thank you.
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
\"@robertaritzen:  We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope\"  Thanks.
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
\"@T_Johnson_TJ:  you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016\" Thanks.
Via @Slate: Who won the #GOPDebate? YHsCQpG63v
CNBC poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 JEyniIGJPJ wEdauo3Drm
Thank you! MEIiUqKeS9
\"@MikeandDawnNY: @seanmdav Dipshit @JohnJHarwood lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4  calling @cnbc out.
\"@Dad_Trump:  @DRUDGE_REPORT YES!\"
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING... 6fnTksKipQ\"
\"@agentvf:  Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night.\"
\"@lvphillies08: Once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be  #Trump #Trump2016
\"@SteveBashino:  Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans.\"
\"@derekcarlson: DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?
\"@misterdish69: @cathyspartanj  @AshleyEdam @GravisMarketing @OANN W0dgkioGMy\"  Great, thank you!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
\"@8723g: One thing I learned from  : \"Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make\" We will have strong deal makers
\"@AtheistWWonka:  @jakistheman by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie\"
\"@eVDefuse:  they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls.\"
\"@jakistheman:  keep you're momentum until you win over the White House\"
\"@BornToBeGOP:  you have inspired us to #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain\"
\"@truthinvest: @ChrisChristie @HillaryClinton good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after \"
\"@HorseShort: @jstaggs362 @sburton305 @Vermont5girl  #TRUMP IS TRUTH! We want #Trump! 🚂🇺🇸🎈\"
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
\"@iStandWithUSA: 62% said that  won #GOP Debate Vote your stand: l3XVkWXIEP #USA #Election2016
\"@GravisMarketing: @OANN Gravis Marketing Poll  leading. 5bPZOBhz4h\"  Great!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
\"@TaylorWrightAU: #Trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next #GOPDebate we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!
\"@4mostcoach: 100%  SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED! piVuC981j7\"
\"@Sisters4everT: Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr , You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains ; the Nation tonight!!!\"
\"@currentlyFeed: The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner.
\"@ngb6060:  showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.
\"@coolgirl6978: You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd #GOPDebate. Thank you! lCdolIJMsL
Thank you Colorado! An honor to win @NBC @9News #GOPDebate Poll. rvnUQemej0
Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated! eW0qDCax8P
\"@rfscottga:  Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1\"
\"@BarbaraDeStasio:  GREAT debate, way to go!!\"
\"@hyatt1942:  @piersmorgan WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you! 3mFHLcSbwD ZPiXAR5rFC
Thank you! #GOPDebate \nMakeAmericaGreatAgain \nu6bJBPu30T UB8XqapdzZ
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
Via @MailOnline \"Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top\"-  tfaOARLoZb
\"@jaxsiete:  Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)\" @FoxNews
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! aalSqnGHa3
\"@buckleybro40:  @CNBC why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary. lQtpC2rD6I #YUGE #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #\"
\"@Vaporcon2015:  The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
\"@cmrose111:   @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.\"
\"@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!\"
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
\"@1Barbara1:  @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.\"
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
\"@MarieLeff: Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7% KVgRDHlJH1\"
\"@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other ; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.\"True
\"@HMaewest:  Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: QL6VhkZ8pm wfbcBcsCov\"
\"@Polling: DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's @CNBC #RepublicanDebate Wx3TY29i3p
\"@BarbaraJensen1:  @OANN @GravisMarketing evyzpgIJ1V\"
\"@2bigj:  A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.\"
\"@laura_damron: @FoxNews  This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains ; energy to \"Make America Great Again\".\"
\"@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of  leaving the podium to enter a crowd ; listen to the concerns of a VET?
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 aCHH90cNRg
\"@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing  speak to the wounded warrior ; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: QL6VhkZ8pm
Just out, wonderful poll in North Carolina. #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nxdZGkdtNev
\"@Rketeltas:  At least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in Iowa and not on book tours. TRUMP 2016!\"
\"@Indies4Trump:  @HuffPostPol composite national poll #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain... VKDiYgpCEI\"
\"@faagifts: @OANN WTG, GREAT JOB. U R THE BEST PICK OUT OF ALL OF THE CANDIDATES ; OHIO KNOWS THIS 2.THAT IS WHY U R LEADING THERE TOO\"
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
National GOP Presidential Poll via @OANN  35.6% #Trump2016 Mvcj1ZH3Ql
\"Trump's National Lead Increases to 35.6% Going into the Third GOP Debate it's Trump, Carson and Rubio\" 8SJazkQ3I1 …
Thank you @SahilKapur for the wonderful story.   \n3ipTylrLzz
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@RhatPatriot: @FoxBusiness    Why not post the other polls where Trump has 40 percent and Carson is in the teens? Strange?\"
\"@bawl: I agree @BillKristol hasn't be right about anything in a very long time. Shocking that @Morning_Joe gives him a platform.\"
\"@JordanDworaczyk: @DrHawk12 @elvisknievil I'm voting for  too.\"  Thanks.
\"@julian771177: Mike Tyson endorses  rKMkXAFeop #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thanks Iron Mike, greatly appreciated!
\"@AlbertoMarsano:  Looking forward to seeing you in Reno Nevada this Thursday! Nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\"  Nice.
\"@TheJusticeEngle:  I'm 18 years old from Florida, and just registered to vote. You got my vote in the primaries!\" THANKS.
\"@TheWhiteHatter: Thanks to @TODAYshow for giving great attention to the Town of Atkinson at #TrumpTODAY w/  kJF8SB2CXh\"
\"@BobD746847: There shouldn't be a problem with this election. \"WE THE PEOPLE\" finally have someone that speaks on OUR behalf. TRUMP-2016\"
\"@coloradojoe2001: How is any one taking Carson seriously when he \"suspends\" his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?\"
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on the @TODAYshow from this morning 9NbOEguzU1
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's ; is self-funding.
\"@CindyBl: I voted 4 Reagan to make America Great. I will vote 4  to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP BAPJGbR4ho\"
\"@hoosierclinger: Good job  for badgering Ford. Why didnt POTUS or Hillary care about those UAW jobs in Ohio?\"
\"@maria_heck: @RobertsLiardon . The more I hear Trump the more I like him!\"
\"@DanSaltsman:  @Ford @crainsdetroit @detnews @CNBC k2JFVTDDbW Do you think Hillary, Ben or Jeb could do this?
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
\"@radioworldsv:Tomorrow on TODAY @MLauer moderates  town hall, live from New Hampshire. #TrumpTODAY SqzsV2K2zh
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't. \n#Trump2016 iJf87UVMEt
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
\"@Rketeltas:  Bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from Hillary.
\"@jpm05880: @Carolde @JebBush  @NancyRomano17 #JEBbush CAPTIVATES CROWDS WITH STIRRING SPEECH s3pprv6T8J\" Wow
\"@mmolina44:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Donald Trump will be our next President of the United States.\"
\"@Desheay: TO ALL MY CALIFORNIA TRUMP SUPPORTERS! Lets join up and work together on Twitter! Lets do this!!!  #Trump2016 !\"
\"@jfgrcar:  Gentle Ben is no match for Putin or if the truth be told even for Hilary. USA needs a winner.\"
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
\"@ObfuscateClear: Wow,  imagine what he'll do as President. Thanks  mZzQhDjoIO\"  FORD LISTENED TO ME, GREAT!
\"@curtismuddog:  @ByronYork Latest Poll shows Donald Trump winning 70% of Electoral Vote Against Hillary Clinton! OT98Y8f0GE\"
\"@Thuglife602:  Bad position for Jeb, if his Mommy, Daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet
\"@cospy8:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN WAY ahead in all the polls that matter. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT\"
\"@kathystone1221: @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN OMG! Carson is more LOW KEY than Jeb!! Tried to watch him, but fell asleep! #NOISYMAJORITY!\"
\"@nepafortrump:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN We R here FIGHTING for you DJT! You are the only person who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump\"
\"@TheCRwire: Mitt Romney finally takes the credit he deserves… for #Obamacare 17XKfwxJ7O . HNBjSX4yGw\"
\"@josemen31:  this Mexican here loves you man!! Keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrump\"  Great!
\"@Tirolian2:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN # TRUMP is Unstoppable 🚀 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸\"  Thank you.
\"@concerningtimes: @JebBush needs to drop out your, hurting the republican cause .  is our choice\"
\"@thatgirlflorida:  @ByronYork @CBSNews @CNN Florida Loves Trump !!! We had a ball in Jacksonville Saturday! 🚂☁🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
\"@MachadoKirk: @StrengthenTheUS   Carson is not a nice guy. He knows his SuperPAC throws Mud on Trump 24/7 #ActingMeek\"
\"@ron_fournier: . rightly denounces Super PAC-driven campaign $ system. Another example of how DC deserves this guy\" Great!
\"@russia890: @CNNPolitics  Trump is the smartest of all. My comment is non partisan. I heard everybody n im on Trump side.\"
\"@msbul: Your a gentlemen Ben but not our next President,  R6SUEwhP3g\"
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
\"@LandmanMarius:  AUSTRALIA SUPPORTS DONALD TRUMP. Please immigrate to Australia and make Aussie great as well.\" Cute!
\"@katiesinex: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 2JsHqNRHUu\"  Wow, so nice!
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
\"@EasyEarl: Doug Ross @ Journal: AWESOME: Donald Trump Blessed by Black, White Pastors and Rabbis JDEw856k6h via @directorblue
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
\"@agreatimage:    Can ANY Democrat or Republican fix this country except Trump? NOT A CHANCE!! #Trump2016 #ElectTrump\"
\"@voxdotcom: Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate, and it's not his energy level l4V3EoxXlv\"
\"@aviv1818: Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters: VC6mogbdMt @foxnewspolitics AC360\"  Thanks, great news
\"@JaredChristophr: Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again \" I fully agree!
\"@Bane1349: They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!
\"@christotepis: Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News - 5YvRmCqL6B via @ABC\"
\"@politicalwire:“Bush has no money, he’s meeting today with mommy and daddy, and they’re working on his campaign.\" QTi3NXtSfc\"
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
\"@bravehart60: 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 2JsHqNRHUu via @BreitbartNewsl\"  A.J., thank you, soooo nice!
\"@HankCampbell: Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.
\"@BeverlySimcic: TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HE'S MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CAN'T RUN HIS OWN CAMPAIGN 2znAQAm7Ry\"
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion! osBW3TM4UO
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign ; not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @TrumpDoral in Miami. C8AG3eGSus
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@HuffPostEnt: Donald Trump to host \"Saturday Night Live\" tzHHk7XIYq MBTRL47Nko\"
\"@santiagos58: YouGov National Poll  Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge HrMActE2e6
\"@oshack: A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016 Rq1s5tqBDA\"
\"@Tony_Leers: Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one..\"
\"@cher: Never thought I’d Say…Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners‼️ cruz=devil  rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
So nice of @Cher--- greatly appreciated! 11hmnFEP1S
Remember, official campaign merchandise (hats, apparel etc.) can only be bought at SXUUL7l8vp. Be careful, don't get ripped-off
\"@Ir0nSpirit: Can't wait for you to take the White House. Our country will once again be strong! 👍 Sorry JebBush, but you got no chance!\"
\"@autumnandews08:  @KatrinaPierson @AnnCoulter @MichaelCohen212 Trump blows them all away! He's our next president! #Trump2016\"
\"@ThomaOlivia: Donald Trump Hands ‘Fox News Sunday’ Its Biggest #Crowd In 6 Years rp0ffSCHMu oEh5cVJCFa\" Great!
\"@MiamiHerald: For Donald Trump, South Florida makes it rain — dollars, that is E1zMC3kism nz5QTpsktk\" Very nice
\"@dpdax  Thanks for standing for Vets Take care of those that give so much\"
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
Joe, thanks for not running! yYAMVXWc7t
\"@toddinwichita  Hillary is doing a HORRIBLE job at #BenghaziHearings reading from the script. #pathetic . She is no leader\"
#ChrisWallace, who interviewed me on Sunday, had his highest ratings since Feb of '09. Congratulations!  o49V73AZZB
\"Trump Nears 100 days on Top\" via The Hill MDzpY89TRE
\"@carrillo_pete:  people are for you #Trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@USATrustTrump: WOW! The More Opponents Push The Higher The #Trump2016 Reach! Keep Pushing DEMS And Jealous GOPs! RaS4FJAsls\"
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? HDdWRBteNe
\"@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of \"
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him ; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) wEj6IjyBDK
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards\n  Uc9Txu7O8g
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
\"@dcexaminer: Rasmussen:  now beats @HillaryClinton 38%-36% nationally NuNulI0Voi 1BAPAKad62\"
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
\"@printingsharon:    Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan\"
\"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
\"@AliceCarozza:  You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.\"
\"@Chocolate3Way: I have never loved a candidate as much as I love , I can't wait for him to make America great again!\" Nice!
\"@ccorreia401:  @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.\"
\"@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician\"
\"@aaron_athman:  first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!\"  FANTASTIC!
\"@OUSoonerManiac: We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  See you there!
\"@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep  from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!\"
\"@saadvisory:  Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
\"@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar\"
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
\"@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove  Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening\"
\"@btodd539:  @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!\"
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
\"@GirlDayTrader: Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump lZFolvR38a\"
\"@Portosj81J:  #Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains 1f8dmS2Uza
\"@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde  Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump\"  I love the VETS.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
\"@Trekwolf164: @wbtonyturner @RadioFreeTom  no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
\"Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H.\"  gXXJ4YhKIW
Lots of great new polls--big leads!  Og4SN4eXbO\n   \n  xJaAWC9RgO\n   \n  8FyxYEna0h
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain rVOZHzrlEB
\"@Mike350Zdriver: Many Hispanics agree with  on enforcing the border Trump for President iTWCCQfJzP\"
\"@nickmichaels12: Since late July 2015, DJT consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the Republican Party nomination.
\"@Trump4potusplz: Had to join Twitter for the first time just to support Donald  . TRUMP 2016\" Great!
\"@marcoinjersey: I think America had enough of the faking and is ready for someone REAL just look at .
\"@cb_beach_bum: Great job @seanhannity you slayed Mr. Sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending  TcNTiAuvrK\"
Tonight's official count--7,943. An all time record for the Anderson Civic Center in SC! Thanks! #Trump2016 bMJcymz1Qp
See, the attack  very possibly could have been stopped. We need real leadership and vision. JA1Fo5H6FP
Via @IBTimes: \"Under Fire From Donald Trump, Jeb Bush Focuses On 9/11 Even Though Hijackers Got Florida Licenses\"\na9s6mHsk07
Interesting reading re September 11th eFgd00dZQO
NEW POLL: Trump Blue Collar Support highest since FDR in 1930s--WOW! \nfnRIXJWCVf
Bruce Willis wearing my hat on @FallonTonight last Friday- d2PlEBk3m2
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher ; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
\"@joshdill64: Our passion for  is amazing! mOoXkbhaVC\"
\"@aldeguer_elsa:  @American1st @ofccadjust @AnnCoulter @JebBush HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN #Trump P5Oh6fhMIa\"
\"@TMoody:  @megynkelly why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes? @JebBush FsHOXrj6cV\"
\"@SweetFreedom29: Hey  --&gt; FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted ‘Leaky’ Immigration Led to 9/11 Jmm7wd32UD #tcot\"  WOW!
\"@JulesSiscoe: We finally have a voice with ! #VoteTrump #CoalitionForTrump #CitizensForTrump\"
\"@theratzpack: @Svingali @FoxNews @megynkelly i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED\"
\"@lwentzel1: Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is IuMDrygxbO by \"
\"@Weaverinc31: The problem is @MittRomney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!\"
\"@vbonina:  @ConserveCast @GeorgeWill why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about.\"
\"@Crowebar_67:  @megynkelly Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃
\"@rikemohome: @GeorgeWill @FoxNewsSunday   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE. V48wKD9Tot WHAT A LIAR!!\"
\"@ChefMama32:  Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS\"
\"@ConserveCast: The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is @GeorgeWill . He is such a sourpuss, HATES 
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat \"us\" is don't watch her show!
\"@Karen05866992:  @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!\"
\"@Justice41ca:  @FoxNews I'm watching it again right now in California\"
\"@Svingali:  @FoxNews Can't wait for @megynkelly to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!\"  Won't happen!
\"@PattyDs50: @FoxNews We want Donald !! Yah next president! #TrumpTrain #TrumpForPresident\"  We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@PattiPav1:  Great interview!\"  Thanks
\"@kathystone1221:  @FoxNews A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump #Trumptrain\"
\"@traceclmbs82:  @FoxNews Pampered @GeorgeWill who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries @FoxNewsSunday\"
\"@rfscottga:  @FoxNews It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again.  Trump 2016\"
\"@BentleyforTrump:  @FoxNewsDear Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America! #Trump2016\"
\"@RebelCapsGal:  THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!\"
\"@SongBird1154: Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, ; GOD forbid next Prez #NTXForum\"
\"@Karen05866992:  @FoxNews So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!\"  Thank you.
\"@rdpaga: @JebBush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq ; 911
\"@clar: @GeorgeWill @brithume The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys.  is right @BretBaier #WakeUpAmerica\"
\"@howddyd: @FoxNewsSunday  is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs.\"
\"@paulferguson17: @FoxNewsSunday  @JebBush @FoxNews. Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald\"
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
\"@tweet4upatriots: I believe  can make AMERICA GREAT again #C2GTHR vt0nIgBBmJ\"  Thank you!
\"@Kellmat2:  @RD_2008 @JebBush Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster.\"
\"@RD_2008: @JebBush Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. \"
\"@Tuvarkz:  Can't Stump the Trump\"
\"@muhfuck: @BernieSanders Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America  #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@American1st: @ofccadjust  @AnnCoulter GW Bush was open borders like @JebBush. TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!\"
\"@Pappenjazz: An Incredibly Strong Interview Of  @FoxNewsSunday, Good Response  IC Those @FoxNews NaySayers dissapating!\"
\"@UndEngel:  @AnnCoulter Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing \"fake\" about you, sir.\"
\"@HardcoreRepub: @kencampbell66 Dude,  's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before. jXTWQLpRdM\"
\"@AnnCoulter: Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately \"fake\" conservative: DBNIc3MIOl
\"@AnnCoulter:He's right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country
Just reported by CNN that \"the Trump halo effect\"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
\"@DefendingtheUSA:  @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!\"
\"@DefendingtheUSA:  @FoxNews LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!\"
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
\"@mesiaindo: @chazermann26 I don't think @NBC will cave. They've seen ratings soar with  and Money matters!\"
\"@d_seaman:  Trump wins, hands down: HX87yTSqXs Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke.\"
\"@danlifting:  Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!\"
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
\"@AdamBlickstein:I never thought I'd say this but  sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe
\"@smr111382:  One of the best interviews I have seen!\"  @FoxNews
\"@BBCARKING: @JoeTrippi  @scottienhughes Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the SIppNYk834
\"@WalterEKurtzJr:   Chris Wallace: \"After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President
\"@97Musick: @FoxNewsSunday @skyjones55  Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!! #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@Glitter_alex:  is what we need to fix this mess! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!\"
\"@girl_iowagirl20: #STOPTHEPRESSES @britthume just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee! #HellJustFrozeOver @FoxNews
Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about \"self-deportation\" and \"47%\". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible \"choke\" loss to Obama!
\"@blondesforjesus: @FoxNewsSunday Loving  interview. #TrumpSwagger #ChrisWallace\" Thank you.
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
\"@ClaytonMorris: Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.  AtdlgoZXzB b8SWhe6HTB\"  Thanks Clayton
Amazing! Thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nfnRIXJWCVf
\"@mklloydva: Some of you already know. I have made the Jump to Trump. Donald Trump is the man that will win the GOP.bMMrb2XZsn\"
\"@bk2seattle:  I was with you in Tyngsboro, Ma. last night! You WILL be our next President!!!\" What a fantastic evening!
\"@HL3tweets: Jeb and Marco OWE IT to their contributors to admit they have NO CHANCE of winning, and figure out how to PAY BACK everyone\"
\"@vlynpowell:  At happy hour tonight in Charleston, SC, everyone at the bar said they were supporting Donald Trump. Thanks!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
\"@mimi_saulino: @mariclaire81  Jeb supports open borders-common core- Visa H-IB Visa's for illegals. Super PAC Saudis.
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
\"@aspiesmom: NYPost \"gets it\", you talk like a New Yorker. My Dad is a Democrat Long-Islander, he \"gets it\" too, and you've got his vote\"
A great story in the New York Post ---really well written!\nZXFte8aqYf
Russia and the world has already started to respect us again!\n3hdsUtMHim
Via Business Insider: Donald Trump's Poll Dominance in 2 Key States is Mind-Blowing- FqIApU6gVC
Via CNET: Donald Trump Bests Jeb Bush in Website Performance, Experts Say- ioHAZOT8lK
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
Thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. One thing, we do have great teams in IA, NH, SC and beyond. \nZVQiw6CpCO
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
\"@myhealthcoach1: @NoahGrayCNN  Thank You Police Force for your efforts of Protecting Donald Trump We Love You For This, God Bless You!!!\"
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
\"@TRUMPHIANT2016: I've never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as  5aeyPlLFzp #TrumpTrain #VOTETRUMP
.@JebBush,\nAt the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice ; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Boston to see another huge crowd! My friend Tom Brady is a great competitor and golf partner. lWpbffq5bp
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, \"Sloppy\" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
A great new poll-33%! 3EheiVyD5A
Nice story from @businessinsider O0snYivV0M
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
\"@samijs1: Hahahahahahaha...love it!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2015 #TrumpTrain Choo choo...all aboard! :) HNp2DfdgpS\"
\"@jamesdschulzejr: @FoxNews TveCbOaQDM You GOPe supporters wrong again on Trump, give it up. Get on the Trump train. GREAT NEWS
\"@jimmy_jkmorgan:  @JoeyL3rd @foxandfriends @EricTrump Totally agree! Great Father with a great family - winning combination at life.\"Thanks
\"@JohnNew2015:  @lance_combrink Well, @KarlRove is an establishment hack big government RINO whose only hope is @JebBush - That's sad, eh!?\"
\"@Pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious.  is a force that is unstoppable\"
\"@SHLOMO_ABADDON: @TODAYshow @MLauer  Matt will vote for Trump i just know he will !\"
\"@JoeyL3rd: @foxandfriends @EricTrump Grt interview, I'm telling ya,  children r going 2 b a HUGE asset 2 him ; his campaign
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
\"@lance_combrink:  Karl Rove still thinks Romney won. Why is he still on TV?\"
\"@Hohummm: Did you also hear Megyn say \"Carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls\" OUTRIGHT LIE!\"  Hatred!
\"@RickStans1: Donald, Megyn Kelly seeks ratings, not truth Not much of a journalist. Stay focused ; make your own narrative. It's working\"
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt ; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
\"@RedScareBot: @brandongordy1:  is what we millennials need. I used to support that socialist from VT, what a mistake.\"
\"@bigmikeobrien: @EricTrump @skyjones55 @greta @FoxNews  @oreillyfactor @CarlRove is in the tank for Bush we are tired of the establishment\"
\"@IsupportTrump16:  Has lived the American dream and has inspired MILLIONS! He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for ALL of us.
\"@davidaxelrod: .Met @IvankaTrump a few years back. DonaldTrump is wise to enlist his daughter's help. She's a throughly impressive person.\"
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 ; was asked about his thoughts on  #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
A great day in New Jersey for Trump! IdaYonGiL4 ; YsqPfea6KE
Signing my tax return.... XJfXeaORbU
I'm very proud of my daughter Ivanka. Great interview.   aNL95tOVrO
Incredible crowd in Richmond, Virginia tonight! So much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain B0PfF9AdZf
\"@FoxGotTrumped:  with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! We love you Trump!!!! #Trump2016
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
\"@CHM1321:  is \"in it to win it\".\"
\"@TrumpFix: I swear, Donald is getting better, bolder, brasher, and more kick ass with every event/intvw he does! HE WILL WIN!
\"@JeremyHL: RT @FoxNews: .: I have thousands of Hispanics working for me ; they like me very much. A7RaXDC4gH\"
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s E6do3oi10Z
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4\n  X2Kv6qzPia
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! UVhbC0JNxD
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one! ZCoUAutdI8  @RogerJStoneJr
\"@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!\"
\"@PauperInAPinch:  Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Angie58493041: @sadmexi  sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015\"
\"@debateless:  I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC\"
\"@magnifier661:  they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016\"
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
\"@suzyserb:  100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
\"@FrankGuaragna:  OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.
\"@Cola0531:  watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA\"
\"@mcowgerFL:  Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!\"
\"@Jamesppierce: These 5 make  look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate\"  Cute!
\"@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia  his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding\"  Thanks.
\"@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support \"
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
\"@i_am__tyler: I can't wait for  to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
\"@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is .\"  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
\"@TS01171980: @FoxNews  isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
\"@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is  talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
\"@RealNinjetta:  @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the \"Do Black Lives Matter\"  Anderson let her off hook!
\"@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need .\"
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
\"@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the  debated any one of these five jabronis\"
\"@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets!  #DemDebate\"  Thanks.
\"@mikerichterp:  I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
\"@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be  and its not working.\"  He is not doing well!
\"@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. \"
\"@NexiaVauxhall:  I love that NO group can buy \"
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
\"@Pandorasandy1:  we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!\"   Thanks!
\"@prissyalways:  I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate\"
\"@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back  who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
\"@theericker:  not watching debate....just your tweets\"  Nice!
\"@jennasnowy69:  why is Webb there??\"
\"@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with  and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016\"
\"@JuliaTock:  Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
\"@LaurenDa123:  I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage\"
\"@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read  comments.
\"@rjdicksii: . These cats are like bad used car salesmen.\"
\"@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate\"
\"@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler  if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching\"
\"@Jeff_Gabe: I miss  #CNNDebate\"
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
\"@tr3s3can:   Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
\"@amd9890: . was right...#DemDebate is boring 😴💤 these ppl are so scripted\"  So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
\"@MichaelTribunel:  imagine Chafey standing up to Putin\"
\"@wayway71:  Webb is OUT!!\"  Bad opening!  #DemDebate
\"@0Nonsense:  Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.\"
\"@adamscottnow: ,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
\"@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn\"
\"@valmouw:  where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate\"
\"@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring  #CNNSocialistDebate\"  #DemDebate
\"@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
\"@MintzShire:  @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!\"  Make America Great Again!
\"@moshe_mkmdca:  @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald\" So nice!
\"@hapearce1:  they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight.\" I hope not!
\"@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.\"
\"@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see  be the debate moderator!\"
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
\"@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with  ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
\"@CNN: . will be live-tweeting the #DemDebate 5OQYwGQHzu via @CNNPolitics 7qmu8kM1u7\"
\"@007lLisav: @CNN  @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful ; intelligent tweets.\" You sound like a very smart person!
\"@seancduarte @TeamCavuto #Yourworld If  wins Barry Diller will move out of country. Sounds like a win, win.\"
Live from New York- November 7th! @nbcsnl rfEE86Mbbp
It was just announced that I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on Nov. 7th --  look forward to it! D74EQyvR0P
\"Exclusive--Davi: Trump, The Lion We Need\"  OYnWVnfsge
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
So nice, thank you very much.  OmbuWUHA0m
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight.  #DemDebate
Very honored: \"Trump Is Tops As Clinton Drops In Connecticut Primaries, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds\"     \n6d8WiLa8fB
\"@Ma1973sk I can't wait for  live tweets during Dem debate tonight. Won't watch debate but will watch Trump's Twitter\"
\"@007lLisav: @CNN  @CNNPolitics can't wait for his insightful ; intelligent tweets.\"  Will be so much better than CNN!
\"@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with  ? Not sure..NNnFMXrXMj\" No way, they will be very gentle!
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA ; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
\"@jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @Morning_Joe @JoeNBC Surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative?\"
\"@Politics_Reddit: That feminist who called out Trump last night? She's a Jeb intern. aRroatryt6\"  Jeb always gets caught, sad!
\"@ryan_padraic: Get the popcorn, Donald Trump plans to live-tweet the #CNNDebate. #DemDebate RNNqqdyXDP\"
\"@farrightgregy: Dan Rather: Donald Trump Could Be Our Next President 0OyeDcOfSE\"  I agree - thanks Dan!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
\"@deqwik2: @SaraMurray  Sorry link above not working. Here's good link 0DoJeMrzC9\"  @CNN and Jeb - apologize!
\"@Parker_Votes: California Gov. Jerry Brown signs bill allowing illegals right to VOTE using drivers lic.ID. 
\"@TopherCarlton: .@JebBush Sickening attempt. I hope . jumps another 10 points. #WakeUpAmerica GT86RlB0t3\"
\"@codyave:  @drudgereport @BreitbartNews @Writeintrump \"You Can't Stump the Trump\" 0xITB7XeJV iF6S05se2w\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA: @seanhannity You are looking ; sounding more Presidential everyday. The country is ready for you to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@mimi_saulino: @seanhannity @FoxNews Syrian Muslims escorted into U.S. through Mexico. Now arriving to Oklahoma and Kansas! Congress?\"
\"@kyredblood:  Great Fox interview\"  @seanhannity
\"@heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @FoxNews time we had a businessman in the WH,who can bring back jobs to America and restore the middle class
\"@GregWescott:  @seanhannity @FoxNews Another great interview. You were point on .... As good as it gets!\"  Thanks!
\"@VickyBrush: That young girl asking if she'll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there!  @HorseShort
\"@connie_lee1:  @seanhannity @FoxNews Looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Thank you. hFDFvwMY7Q
Via RealClear Politics  U7JPpgszvn
\"@CFT1  doing a great job in New Hampshire today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
\"@CNNPolitics: .@clayaiken praises \"good guy\" Trump and his \"upstanding\" and \"grounded\" kids sewrn2VkJ8 oRIPL1xDBG
\"@kausmickey: . was calling out Paul Ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 nVgWXaYhUN\"  So true!
\"@TheFix: Tuesday's Democratic debate is missing just one thing: Donald Trump.\"  True, can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@Clint_Goodrich: They used to call Barry Diller the father of \"e-commerce\"-what a joke that was - and that he is. 100%clueless on Internet\"
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
Via Breitbart - \"Riding High in Polls Donald Trump Storms the American South to Overflow Crowds in Georgia\"\niLcaMZxc82
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress ; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain gkFoShg2xh
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
\"@nypost: People are writing tribute songs for Donald Trump YEPsqFmBGY\"  Thanks to all of these great songwriters. Get rich!
\"@MyPresidentme:  @thehill She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE! #Trump2016
\"@thehill: .’s biggest Hispanic fan: \"He’s my perfect man\" bP8KJ1P9SK GiqUAJzYcX\"  A great woman!
\"@w_gorham:  Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally! sS0njTyZnj\"
\"@AliceEngle3: @trumpiowa @TRUMPVICTORY16    The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!\"
\"@TheWTFTahoe: Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Jamgrigs:  Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION
\"@bdean1468:  ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!\"  Thanks!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on \"Media Buzz\" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS ; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
Mark--They could use you.  tOJ3ecOjNZ
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico!  It should be a great game!  nH31afzjNz
New Gravis Poll in NH just out:  Trump 32%, Carson 13%  mJcWOEijkv
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas ox6YyCV5s4
\"@paulfincher2 Keep the faith. Elect  and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals.\"
\"@michaeljohns With this month's 224-page @simonschuster book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate..\"
Thank you. VSsa4N3OL7
\"@Women4Trump  MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity WNfBUWk17w …
\"@ept_rudyru @AnnCoulter I'm Hispanic ;  has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! \"
\"@JBOD2001  yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome.  Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!\"
True. Thanks.  BjNeF2YFvq
Thanks. aZXLgvWeGm
\"@JayMichaelsProd  Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??\"
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Ty3VYUMphm. Hope to see you there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
\"@BarbMuenchen  @grindingdude  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again.\" Thanks.
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  AZwPbSjj7T
Good luck! Enjoy. ddfPtVYpXv
\"@LauraRosenCohen @MarkSteynOnline  on  \"There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him.\"
\"@DavidFoody  Thank you for taking on the   Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?\"
\"@AlisaApps   you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up! #AlisaReal\" Thx
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada! LI75orkoqT
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them! t7hzDV9wEr
Thank you! bFSu7j5mCq
\"@Momfullofhope @BorderWall  rocks it everywhere he goes\" Thanks.
Thanks. FgcU1Ih3ew
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart    GArR1v5736
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian   7yP6iW2srp
\"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America\"  via Bloomberg Politics  5htys6nqtR
\"@DesignerDeb3 Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr  !\"
\"@PennySingletary:  we know this and that's why you will be our next President\"  Thank you.
\"@SKennedy1979: No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited.\"
\"@GaryGaryt52: @DanScavino @JudiLoera  WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP
\"@MidOhioMilitia: I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve\"
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
\"@Moonwkr:  I would like to nominate @IvankaTrump for Speaker of the House\" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers ; ratings are way down ; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
\"@PjwJ316:  YES!!!!!!!!!! AMERICA NEEDS  FOR PRESIDENT!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR AMERICA TO BE GREAT AGAIN!!!!\"
\"@GraggQuinton:  This is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -Trump in Oklahoma . Got even bigger PnRXfvEgxL\"
\"@keksec_org:  I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  Thank you so much!
\"@Sandikay60:  @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@metskins10:  @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.\"
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@DarrenJJordan:  @stuartpstevens And he's still a consultant? For what?\"  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
\"@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2  tired of FOX bashing Trump ; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush\"
\"@sugarofsaturn:  @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!\"  So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
\"@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary  @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !\"
\"@trumpgasm: NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!! qBsldeV4je GCtpS1WfeQ\"
\"@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for  #Trump2016\"
\"@Foosball38:  we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016\"
\"@sempek1: @BretBaier  Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.\"
\"@ManahawkinMikey:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN At least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean 5tR7cq76mC\"
\"@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6\"
\"@nedbello:  Your Doing GREAT!\"  Thanks.
\"@GardiBates: @ananavarro @cnn  Why are you even on tv? U sound like nails on a chalkboard. Biased against Trump.  So true!
\"@For2016: pundits love to take a snippet, out of context, from something DonaldTrump says, and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it
\"@bluegirlvi: @BretBaier @FoxNews DonaldTrump GOD voters are NOT getting tired of Trump! He's winning over others too #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@pnicastro1:  @WayneNewtonMrLV He did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. Keep it up!Make America Great Again!\"
\"@lewgeraldine: @FoxNews  TRUMP FOR \"PRESIDENT\" YOU HAVE MY VOTE.\"  GREAT.
\"@ChadR73: Guess Barry Diller is afraid  is about to upset the crony applecart. #Trump2016 @Carl_C_Icahn\" An angry fool!
\"@TheConnieMoore:  see u Sat in GA !!\"  Great!
\"@rogerhartford8:  hope you win it all . Time for a change !!\"
\"@TN_RiverFolk: My 2016 Vote will B based on #MakeAmericaGreatAgain NOT Eminent Domain●Americans need 2Prioritize   hPPy3gw3Ld\"
\"@Jrdavisii:  was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that Trump didn't mention him. It's because SH is so wrong!
\"@4mostcoach: I enjoy every  speech IN ITS ENTIRETY NOBODY's going 2 tell me what our NEXT PRESIDENT says but HIM.
True! v3Y6exaQGY
I will be on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. iEh3RHp98S
\"Labor Unions Giving Serious Thought to Endorsing Trump\" via Washington Examiner  XrEpSyuDsj
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
\"@kitkat123frank:  @CNN @SpecialKMB1969. You have my vote\"
\"@SteveBrainard1:  @CNN great interview Trump!\"
\"@CPO_Mark_2010:  is fired up on @cnn!!! So are your supporters!! #Trump2016\"
\"@WMikeWood: @cnn Trump Shuts down Cuomo. \"I am not getting out.\" I am going to win. Cuomo tries sleazy tricks . Epic Fail. Unprofessional.\"
\"@jpm05880:  @CNN TRUMP EVEN SHARPER THAN LAST WEEK!!YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL...\"
\"@AJ_Nix:  @CNN Great job Mr Trump,,,Kept em on topic,, Got your message though.\"
\"@Nay_2xTimes: Great interview on #NewDay  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Tea4Freedom:  @CNN That was awesome, boss! #trump2016\"
\"@Lisa_Steen: seriously Cuomo hates DonaldTrump he was a pathetic interviewer AS USUAL! Please don't go anywhere Mr Trump AMERICA NEEDS YOU\"
\"@realbigstriper: @ChrisCuomo Pew poll:  holds commanding lead @CNNPolitics iw2vk9Wx9L\"
\"@AngelaDale143:  @CNN wow, did Trump kick ass with Cuomo! You are the man, Mr. Trump; certainly not the lamb chop, Rubio.\"
\"@LindaRicker6: My choice  just finished a great interview on CNN. Pathetic questions from Cuomo but Trump cleared the air.\"
\"@Karentalk: @CNNPolitics  Stop interrupting Trump..Please..He is CORRECT ON EVERYTHING..\"
\"@LarrySchweikart: @peddoc63 @RickCanton  @marcorubio Funny. The Donald living rent-free in lil Marco's head\"
\"@CASuperrunner: @cu_mr2ducks @FoxNews @foxnewspolitics  Trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not Rubio's idea\"
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@jaxx613:  @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN . Mark Levin interview was great\"
\"@Q1776: Love fest for DonaldTrump on @marklevinshow just now. Top 5 talk radio audience in country. Great being on the show with Mark!
\"@Knight276: @Writeonright @Real_Carl_Icahn @DanScavino  media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls!\"
\"@4udirtyrat:  9 million MORE out of work because of this BAD DEAL.Will have over 100 MILLION out of work. Nice going Obama\"
\"@Raddmom:  - don't let the media ; the @GOP elites push you out- Americans are with you!\" Thanks, I won't!
\"@TheWTFTahoe:  will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@KingVantes: @AnnCoulter @RedState TRUTH .Just like Perry, Walker, Bush .. all y'all who go after  WILL FAIL 💯 #Trump2016\"
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@Forbes: “If Donald Trump puts his name on X, it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise.”  Nice!
\"@TODAYshow: \"We're pleased to announce that Donald Trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall.\" -@SavannahGuthrie\"  So true!
\"@WayneDupreeShow: HEADLINES: Donald Trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #KeepingItReal AsRJp5AcmZ\"
\"@marklevinshow: Donald Trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 PM eastern time.\" Will be my great honor, so much to talk about!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
\"@PaulRSidneyUK: I cannot believe the increase in illegals here in San Antonio Texas. We are the minority constantly discriminated against
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
\"@MichellePippin:  When are you coming to #virginiabeach?\" Very soon!
\"@AndreaTantaros: DonaldTrump is right. And sadly Christians were treated better under Hussein ; Gaddafi than ISIS. AZdLqydRM1
\"@DGrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 Clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99% of people would be in jail for what she did
\"@keksec_org:  You said it best! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Margee11: WATCH  Fires Up the Crowd in Franklin, Tennessee 6aWwyanQ4w via @trumpstump2016\"
\"@nathanpaul1975:  Hollywood doesn't get to pick our presidents we the people do!! GO TRUMP!👍👍\"
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
\"@TrumpNewMedia: @carrillo_pete ILLEGAL ALIENS FOUND GUILTY OF MURDERING BORDER PATROL AGENT jEgkaegj8T lR8u7mBzAb
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
\"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  \"@laurencristmann: @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP… #RT #CNN #HBO\"
\"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #RT #CNN #HBO\"
\"@DeborahCroce5:  ends speech in Franklin, Tennessee w/ Thank You I Love You All!! We love you 2 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@laurencristmann:  @topcota1SG @PhxKen i can't wait to cast my vote for Donald J TRUMP in MAY and NOVEMBER\"  Thanks.
\"@joetoohey: This morning on @meetthepress - @chucktodd’s sit down with  in his NYC Campaign HQ #MTP 9Oqz7aWhaS
\"@polemicism: Okay okay  was right: LaGuardia Airport is a total dump. Like really, really bad.\"
\"@lindaleereyes:  Great Job Donald!!! Can't waite for you to be President and neither can America!!\"
\"@misterdish69: @IAmFreedomMan @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh  @CNN f9UAbiFaab\"
\"@BillPwr1:  @collegestump @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican FYI @batchelorshow @larry_kudlow #Trump2016 appeal grows!\"
\"@NeilForell: Watched the roast of  You took those jokes like a champ, what a good sport! Im voting for you now\"  Great.
\"@topcota1SG: @PhxKen I am Hispanic and will vote for \"
\"@sfurnbac: Thank you  for the great #SNL this week!!!\"
\"@piercingshawn:  Please don't roll over . You are this country's last hope and our kids need you. Don't lose this deal !\"
\"@SolFusionGreg: @Mediaite The more the Progressives ; RINO's poke at the DonaldTrump the stronger he gets and more REAL PEOPLE like him!\"
\"@scottferson: .@TaranKillam plays a way better fake  than a real @HillaryClinton plays herself @nbcsnl\"
\"@leftfootjustice: If  becomes @POTUS we will finally have a @WWE Hall of Famer as President.\"
\"@RealReagan0503: It's funny how they say  doesn't give specifics but he's the only one who put out more than 2 policies.
\"@JWbananastand: @nbcsnl I think I just heard 's ratings go up another 5% #Trump #SNL\"
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Just leaving Nashville, Tennessee. Had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! Love Nashville -- back soon! CS8DOd8wfm
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they \"love\" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last \"establishment\" man standing against me.Great
\"@elkay14: @jordanfax I like gutsy brave guys like #Trump #Reagan , I hate all those bloody hypocrites \" Thank you.
\"@collegestump: Can't wait for  to be the next pres.  @CNN @FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @blackrepublican F9pM0gE2yz\"
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
\"@gse_says: Overwhelming wins by  in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.
\"@mormontim: Going to see  tomorrow in franklin TN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@tvegan: DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!
\"@carrillo_pete:  great numbers #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  Thanks.
\"@misskellyaudrey: @FoxNews @HowardKurtz @MELANIATRUMP Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity #Trump2016\"
\"@HowardKurtz: @JoeNBC It'd be humorous to cull tweets from \"experts\" over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse\"
\"@HowardKurtz: Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's \"stuff happens\" was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight\" Thanks H!
\"@valerieannt:  @DRUDGE_REPORT @JebBush Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@apolloNC1:  @MNManstein2 You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!\"
\"@KelliHeathman1: Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016\"
\"@TheNewsClub_US: RT  \"@MNMans: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters… 3NXztsLOhx #RT #CNN #HBO zzKm8wUYqY\"
\"@KenPettigrew: Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!\"
\"@MNManstein2: Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support... ckXH2JfBNt via
\"@thehill: P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump: VQv3ivgrwq Z66TTG3DpJ\"
\"@swterry91: Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll – Jeb Bush in Free Fall #tcot uyxre0ei92\"
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging @MontesKitchen in upstate, New York. lvx5SEhQVv
Congratulations to my brother Robert ; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
\"@Tea4Freedom: Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump iRcAPKF7yZ\" Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!
\"@billsupdates: Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president JxF7kjfaZR\" Team has a great owner!
\"@DoDFiredawg78:  Virginians stand with you sir! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident\"
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
\"@VoteDonaIdTrump:  @Renhowe @donlemon @CNN we love trump\"
\"@Renhowe: I enjoyed @donlemon‘s interview with  on @CNN Need more interviews like that.\" Thanks.
\"@RLHoldenSr:  Mr Trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! Obama is destroying the US!\"
\"@TheBrodyFile: The HUGE @TheBrodyFile DonaldTrump faith-based story runs tomorrow (Friday) on @700club. @ABCFamily channel at 10am ET.\"
\"@WETHEPEOPLE65:  @BigStick2013 @TIMENOUT @CNN @donlemon GO TRUMP, OUR GUY\"
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
\"@JYakburger: @EthaBrooke  IF @MittRomney ran more like  and less like McCain, he would've won. Failed campaign tactics.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
\"@gedion_t:  @EthaBrooke @MittRomney No body knows foreign policy any better than Trump. Vote \"T\"
\"@Def: CNBC's John Harwood Today \"We don't have Superman presidents\" \"No\" DonaldTrump replied ..\"But we WILL if you have Trump!\" #Trump2016
\"@EthaBrooke: @cs1racefan  @MittRomney The truth about Romney...he didn't want the presidency bad enough!\"  He choked!
\"@EthaBrooke:  @MittRomney Like always you are telling the truth.I liked Romney and voted for him but he didn't fight hard enough.\" True!
\"@msann43: How can Illinois keep  off the ballot? Illinois citizens should protest. Just another phony Politico story. Easy!
\"@barreto_eugenio:  @MittRomney it's sad, but GOP does not want you as their candidate. But we the people do. Latinos for Trump.\"
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Thanks. OJ0mbxv1uc
\"@JayRHaw:  was right. @RandPaul wont last. Even Paul knew it. Thats why he's still running for his Senate seat  #Trump2016\"
\"@JoyCardinShow: Latest @MULawPoll finds @ScottWalker at 37 percent approval,  leading GOP in #Wisconsin.
\"@Margaretweber48:  Rand Paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed Ted Cruz. Bye, bye Rand!\"
\"@WMikeW: It's hard to get through corrupt media filter but Trump is doing it. Check out 9/30/15 @donlemon int'view MR6U8qtrbk\"
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
\"@sternbutgreg:  is pulling away from the pack. I live in Iowa. It's real.\" Thank you!
\"@TIMENOUT: @CNN @donlemon congratulations Don that was a great interview \"
\"@CFT1: . Great interview on @CNN @donlemon @CNNTonight #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TRUMP\"
\"@angeloftruth11:  great interview with @donlemon. Thank you.
\"@AnnieClarkCole: How can anyone vote for Hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. She is not to be trusted.\"
\"@jaycatalyst1:  Univision execs are hypocrites.They dish out the most discrimination. You should highlight that point.\"
\"@Hashtag1USA: I just watched D Trumps interview on @CNN i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak!  #Trump2016-Thanks
\"Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?\" by Jeff Bell\n  KmPeSwvslr
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. iB6NGQsg5v
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. dZuLHDZSoI
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! 11pDloDTHV
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents ; is totally controlled!\nKA0LvfFJfM
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. VT8Y7c8PSn
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
\"@kissmeandrocco:  who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country\" Thank you.
Just read that \"Trump\" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Great! Je440dDZbs
Carl Icahn said this about me:  \"I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems.\"
Definitely watch @Carl_C_Icahn ‘s ‘Danger Ahead’. Very insightful, particularly on how corp inversions hurt America: PJN89SwvTF
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
\"@polina6:  MAN WITH A PLAN-THE BEST TAX PLAN! GO TRUMP 2016!\"
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
\"The GOP Debate Scorecard: Donald Trump and Energy\"  by Wayne Allyn Root. MmFJeGRNf8
Zogby Poll: Trump Widens Lead After GOP Debate  YAZyKwVxNJ
Conservative? Jeb Bush doubled Florida State debt!kDOyCqwuqI
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Thanks. SXUUL7l8vp FbNl1G5Awg
\"@SpurrellJulie  First time in my life I wish I was an American citizen so I could vote for  !!\"
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- FxtUQNXEFH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
LIVE on #Periscope: Tax Plan Press Conference\n#Trump2016  DQQS5d9R3O
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
\"@ReversingASD: @60Minutes notice how your twits about  are the most RT!  We the American ppl love and want #Trump2016 !\"
\"@fanodale: @60Minutes  watched 60 mins first time ever. Love Trump hate Scotty\"
\"@JodiL792: @DefendingtheUSA @america_trump @60Minutes Thats exactly what I thought. We haven't had great leader since Reagan;now Trump\"
\"@yang_karl: All Scott Pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be Trump.\"
\"@AdiosLiberty: @60Minutes  @ScottPelley Haven't seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016\"
\"@JennaLeeUSA: When asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls -  replies: \"It's cheaper than wall paper...\" Ha!
\"@SkyeShepard: Trump went way up in my 'poll' when he said he'd take money from what US is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security\"
\"@Apipwhisperer: @MarkPavelich @gentlemanirish @60Minutes  EXCELLENT WATCHING PUTIN'S BRILLIANCE AND TRUMP'S. @CBS I LOVED THE INTERVIEWS.\"
\"@greta: .  announces his tax plan tomorrow morning bQ0Xjs63XH\"
\"@Rketeltas:  While the former KGB Putin gets softballs, Trump gets the Matt Harvey fastball and hits it out of the park.\"
\"@midwestcaucus:  @60Minutes Great interview,Trump ruled. Great response 2 Trade War claim. All anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs
\"@MeOnAJourney  Imagine that, an American president standing up for the American people! Go Trump Go! #Trump2016\"
\"@truthshallbe: @60Minutes  Been watching!!! Brilliant Mr. Trump, he is so Awesome!! And real.\"
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
\"@Incazzato2015:  Time for real change, TRUMP 16\"
\"@JokerzWild_:  @TheIntellect111 Trump will win, I know it.\"
\"@itsblakec:  we are tired of lies. Trump 2016\"
\"@FreeStateYank: Ex-wife Ivana Trump says  can win, likely WILL win, and will be a great President. kI1xij3v6w\"
\"@TheIntellect111:  Mr Trump Please Do not give in.You are Changing History. We Need you as our Next Leader, Its Your Time\"
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
\"@Karentalk: @RogerJStoneJr  @megynkelly Fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. kOkyNtWkeE\"
\"@taurus82409: @CBS @60Minutes Look forward to it, Donald. You are doing Great! Please keep up the fight, many of us are behind you 100%!!
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
\": I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.\"
\"@Vote_Trump:  Think about it. When's the last time a Prez actually did what he said? TRUMP does what he says. Will Be Greatest Prez Ever\"
An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at… FGxhzluIJA
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
Thank you @FrankLuntz  gpJBNXKV3e
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.@THR \"The Donald Trump Ratings Bump: Who's Benefiting Most?\" uNdO1kRfus
.@TheHill- Trump on Boehner resignation: 'It's a good thing' flB93n4FoK
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, ; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
At the Old Post Office- 8Rs1fbcAIz
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
\"@Rketeltas:  @JoeMarzocco Waiting for the biased media to write about the 30,000 Carly fired as a failed CEO. America is for Trump!\"
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
\"@JoeMarzocco:  They attack Trump for not giving policy oEnDff1jkD is the most important detail, he WINS.\"
\"@yayala19:  @marcorubio WHAT THE LOBBYISTS, THE MEDIA AND CAREER POLITICIANS WILL DO NEXT TO TRY TO STOP TRUMP? SILENT MAJORITY IS BACK\"
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
\"@yayala19: @politico WHEN THE OTHER CANDIDATES ARE TALKING POLITICS TRUMP IS TALKING SOLUTIONS. HE IS THE MOST TALENTED CANDIDATE.\"
Wow, a really nice lead in New Hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! Cr0OOd5Loi
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Dishonest @nytimes reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward… 9Emtq4NdbZ
Bloomberg: Trump leads GOP field kWqWeRzIkl
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
New Bloomberg Poll: Trump Leads Big Eu0rMDbUPW
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome 5rq2iMpHx6 @colbertlateshow
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly ; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. bC9pIOnmEh
Headline reads\" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll\" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
\"@Mark60644:  @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016\"
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! VDzpYct3Aq
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day \"unscheduled\" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco \"amnesty\" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
I will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30 BnCG1XqvcW
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
Morning Consult poll: \"Trump Leads\"  61LFN0pfSw
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
\"@JimShellenback:  @EdwardChelednik @FoxNews I steer away from Fox now. Never thought that would happen.\"
\"@HuskerPower811: @celestefick  Have you listened to his plans for Vets when he takes office? They're Incredible!!\"
\"@BradANGSA:  Trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the GOP is planning to stab Trump in the back... xhqhUVXrsx\"
\"@IgnatiusGReilly: @charlescwcooke  @FoxNews will you cry when Marco Amnesty loses nomination?\"
\"@MiriamRoseMc:  #TRUMp2016 would be the best for the country, jobs, trade and taxes - all others are status quo #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@JimClarkFarrier: @Rockprincess818 @LeahR77  is the only one who can get us out of this mess!\"  True!
\"@glendabelle_11: @FoxNews Fox has become a supporter of Liberals!They are Not supporting the GOP candidates-especially Trump! Quit watching
\"@EdwardChelednik:  @FoxNews Hey Donald your not alone. I can't watch it at all. Used to be all i watched.
\"@bobby990r_1: @MediaBiasAlert  @megynkelly  is fighting for middle class and veterans! Discussing trade deals.\"
\"@VickyBrush:  Do what most of us are doing! Turn off @FoxNews! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!
\"@wallen_jeanine:  I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner\"
\"@AngelaTribble:  WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thanks.
\"@JodiL792:  @FoxNews I have been since you started running ; I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure.\" Yes!
\"@ethansimmons111: @AllRepublicans @Ecsullie @RagingCynicism @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @KarlRove Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family\"
\"@madscape:  @FoxNews and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network\"
\"@seleti00:  @FoxNews They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos.\"
\"@TheMindWave:  @FoxNews Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!\"
\"@joeoh89: @seanhannity   What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham.\"
\"@PhyllisA: @Hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly  that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!\"
\"@waynearmstron10:  you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon.\"  True.
\"@ellenEspence: @marklevinshow Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of \"  Thanks Mark!
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
\"@john_dipaolo:  will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.
\"@diannrr: @megynkelly Do you dream about ? He's in your head. Let it go.\" She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.
\"@Rbbrkhd:  @oreillyfactor  @FoxNews The way you have treated  is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair\"
\"@blewthebigone:  Can't even think what the race would be without you in it.\"
\"@tammyhorne19:  @oreillyfactor love you trump\"
\"@coolgirl6978:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass\"
\"@bewhatjesuswas: @oreillyfactor @FoxNews You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them\"
\"@Patrick92299179:  @oreillyfactor Couldn't agree more!\"
\"@RagingCynicism:  @oreillyfactor they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons.\"
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
\"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
Via HuffPost Pollster #1 IXCbCtDUIp
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes. DAEomTNoMq
\"@JudgeMoroz  Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message \"
#AskTrump @TwitterNYC hJHO1Rk06y
I had a great time at @TwitterNYC #AskTrump RfWQdDPB33
I just wrapped up a Q;A @TwitterNYC. Thanks for all your questions! #AskTrump zpbcRHfxy6
.@_Just_Mads_ #asktrump zElKKmMjTU
.@MarieLeff #asktrump ufCLFKeFrN
.@joycefinance #asktrump P8CwErG0lt
.@Modern_Do_Good #asktrump I7AaH7AVRw
.@ARealSuperMan #asktrump x2j6yiaBzU
.@HighSock_Sunday #asktrump qVakUzXZAb
.@KyleStephens30 #asktrump gjudtw87K7
.@EliseChristine #asktrump KV1NPNYJTC
.@MarketMavensInc #asktrump 6uShpC3BM2
.@dixierhilton #asktrump dbK8jckT5s
#AskTrump Getting ready to answer your questions. MiSqyasjhu
Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it! YAZyKwVxNJ
Jeb has been confused for forty years- MoqjlnwryJ
Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! n7lO0llhK8
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!\n   \n  YAZyKwVxNJ
\"@alivelutheran: @TODAYshow touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!
\"@linley4067_jane:  @foxandfriends Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse.\"
\"@mickelsenkyle: @TODAYshow could you make your interview with  any more biased or... #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@talsept58:  @foxandfriends You are great!!\"
\"@Dis_labeledVet:  here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim UqkW16u3Kz
\"@JohnSte38475254:  @FoxNews  ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?\"
\"@nunyabus1:  @foxandfriends you go trumpy, don't back down\"  I won't.
\"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.
\"@TheBrodyFile: On the Muslim issue: It might help @BarackObama if he didn't take five years to visit Israel\"
\"@PaulkDebra: @TODAYshow  I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!\"
\"@MNTwisterChaser: Thanks @SavannahGuthrie and @NBCNews for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll! #trainwreck #Trump2016
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
\"@SaijoSaijo75:  thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again!\"
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
\"@LeghanLiptak712: CNN tried to destroy Donald Trump with vaccine autism question, but he gave this AMAZING response nQttFpyzaC\"
\"@MoeHoward86: THE best interview thus far...keep it up Trump! Donald Trump: \"Enough With the Nice!\" 3sOY0pTCNB via @YouTube\"
Thank you Faith and Freedom Forum ; @UrbandaleSchool. I had a great time in Iowa today! PeEEHTVtC8
A great night in Iowa! vfCRhwTkTU
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 O5v9oX3pyd
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
Looking forward to meeting the students of Urbandale High School tomorrow- Urj3Tic2e3
I’ve just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. ssFXVGWTIP
Thank you.  G4CLmowE4U
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  \n  -- Donald J. Trump
Wow, great post-debate poll: \"Trump Increases Lead\" via Breitbart  B3yJk2lJ8I
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers ; a thank you note?
#CNNDebate 0r8fc2zzvY
#CNNDebate X4m9WfewX2
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun! tj3Cnqp3PU
#CNNDebate Winning the @drudge_report poll- fokcASBVuN
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! syJH9OT0zX
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is \"milking\" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
\"@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016\"  Thanks
\"@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami.\" Great.
\"@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back  as the party’s standard-bearer. hqt7WXTepm\"
\"@chriscoxb2b:  - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.\"
\"@almy23841665: @DlSCORD  More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
\"@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The \"sold to lobbyists\" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.\"
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) ; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist ; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd ; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said \"NO\". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me ; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets ; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
I will rebuild the military, take care of vets and make the world respect the US again! Join me today. Info: oiPQsJt7fh
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
Unbelievable crowd in Dallas! 9HNgVyBJEz
Vets mistreated, NO border security? I’m with @V4SA this Tuesday 9/15 to #MakeAmericasMilitaryGreatAgain! Join us! oiPQsJt7fh
The event with me and @V4SA in L.A on 9/15 is turning out to be huge. Get your tickets before they're gone oiPQsJt7fh
Looking forward to joining @V4SA Tuesday 9/15 in L.A. aboard the @USSIowa - The Battleship of Presidents! Join us! oiPQsJt7fh
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
Thanks Mark, will be fun. hzlkPLebET
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great ; will raise lots of $ for charity.
My honor, thank you.  0wKLnSIss6
\"@Doctr__Wang @CNN Nice! I love how Trump has a way of putting people on the spot. I wonder what CNN will do. The Veterans appreciate it!\"
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
\"@Hashtag1USA:  Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #Trump2016
\"@Mey: I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for  #TeamTrump 🇺🇸 387cDb55nH\"
\"@whyWinblo:  please make this country great again ; help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope. #Trump2016\"
\"@jeffraykovich:  Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future?#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Yes.
\"@DaveInKeno: Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\"
\"@joeearle: @Pistol044 There's only one I'll never support: 
\"@Edward1:Trump Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone.\"
\"@BigBrotherKat: I hated to love it, but  was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald\"
Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain octCvAYQOO
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
Donald Trump Sends @FallonTonight to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. @JimmyFallon, that is #HUGE!\nmRHdW7dOws
Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times. XLELUQfxof
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
\"@BrandyDianeK2:  @davist19  That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!\"
\"@ArthurOHara: #Trump International Hotel ; Golf Links. Luxury resort in #Doonbeg on Ireland's @wildatlanticway JYRWwMdSwG\"
\"@MlSSTHOT: : Ignore the losers and the haters, you are  going to make this country great again\"
\"@joehos18: Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all\"
\"@ColinCavall: You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.
\"@Trump_in_2016:  does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.
\"@DanielleBoussel: \"I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong\"-\"
\"@MlSSTHOT:  I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump\" Thanks.
\"@LukeDillon6: If  doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is. #trump\" Nice, thanks!
\"@ravila30:Loved you on Jimmy lastnight ; how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much
\"@HamishP95:  My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. 1u9qi8qUPc\" Great.
\"@TrumpDemocrats: Carson on @CNN now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump
\"@JohnnnnyT:  blew it away on @FallonTonight. The ratings will be HUUUGE.\"
\"@pennybishop16:  @GinHay @jimmyfallon  Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@iamapatsfan: What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday?  He was fantastic, a total winner!
\"@5SOS_jrt1d: Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on @FallonTonight - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!\"
\"@KittenHoliday: At the neighborhood bar talking about  we need him\" We will make America great again!
\"@lizaperri:  @GinHay @jimmyfallon You even made the show great again.\"
\"@unknown_resist:  @GinHay @jimmyfallon Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!\"
\"@davist19: If I was 18 I'd vote for \" Thank you!
\"@debra0155:  @GinHay @jimmyfallon absolutely, he's just simply the best #realdonaldtrump\"
\"@Chrisofficer23:  @jenilynn1001 @FallonTonight loved the show....trump2016\"
\"@DesignerDeb3:   is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - ; jobs\"
\"@jenilynn1001: @FallonTonight  #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@GinHay: Trump's polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. The young people are going to love him!\"
Backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight tOriFU4vr0
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
Amazing crowd outside @FallonTonight. Tune in tonight at 11:30. 4dxoEV0wia
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
Via The Hill \"No Tickets Left for Trump's Dallas Rally\" mc5bPDt6s8
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
\"@Plruble58  The numbers are amazing!  #GoGoGo🏻\"
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- hSTaPf0QqO
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- HKUYv9tFRm
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
\"@americanhowl: While  rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations  dCoGJYF6fU\"
\"@christa_dorsett:  we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
\"@Chris0u24:  I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was\"
Via @USATODAY- \"Amateur hour with the Iran nuclear deal\" vdLxPLPj7i
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
A great honor to receive polling numbers like these. Record setting African American (25%) ; Hispanic numbers (31%). p7d6RJeMTZ
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists ; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me \"just a little\" but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists ; special interests for Jeb ; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Wake up Jeb supporters! h51DpgM9JK
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength ; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Wow! Such nice words from Robert Redford on my running for President. Thank you, Robert. TpV3w18BW6
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
\"@georgeokc:  @libertyladyusa For my mind, do whatever you think is right, you have nothing to prove, just save our nation.\"
\"@saneplanet: @toddwmoore01  I know. Gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k\" Thank you!
\"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio ; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency, except \"jobs\" pres !
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
\"@sunnykcollins: Jeb Bush, Family Ties and a Museum That Never Materialized RTANPzuwU2\" Not good!
\"@MJosephSheppard: No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio ; Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except \"jobs\" .
\"@kylesteckel: @club4growth  The letter is out, liars.\"
\"@afievoli:  We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!\"
\"@rnull65:  I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!\"
\"@jimlibertarian:  @SlwStdySque Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere\"
\"@soz58:  @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars
\"@TheUSDesigns: @seanhannity WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent  23mmupZcLw\"
\"@SeanBolza: Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump\"
\"@jackson3pack:  @BOB_EWASHINGTON @club4growth Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal.\"
\"@Lo7us_: vote for Trump #Trump2016 \"
\"@broewads:  @club4growth They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN.\"
\"@1ns1de_J9b:  @club4growth  Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract \"donations\" from others\"
\"@DeanAllen12: @club4growth  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization\"
\"@SlwStdySqueeze:  is gonna do some great things! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@cadigirl13:  You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump\" Thank you.
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
\"@jasonusmc2017: @blayne_troy : He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor
\"@Michelleri: Trump Leads as Bush Crashes EnXVS8WaGi No #GOP establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@SamSteel10: @shook_stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give  our support. He's the leader.\"
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
\"@tropic20:  do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker? KDybxqvCuf\"
\"@ryanamberwhite: Check it out, , all the way from Wyoming! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain fevBToLwGV\"  Thank  you.
\"@HardcoreRepub:    AMERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN &gt; POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all. #Trump2016\"
\"@PressTV: Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup ZRndXNN67K bkzQolegeo\"  Thank you!
If the presidential election were held today, according to this @surveyusa poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem: wmfHKnNSWm\"
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was \"vehemently\" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of \"Trump\", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate \"gotcha\" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical \"gotcha\" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Terrific response to my previous tweet: \"I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.\" rC8JO7Fzqx …
So nice, thank you Laura.  F42OC3yFa9
Daily Caller: Trump Surpasses Field, Flirts With 40 Percent in Alabama Poll LzG5M8SmYC
I’ll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6 PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. rC8JO7Fzqx
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
\"@bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from  success? #Election2016\"
\"@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 \"
\"@linnie13: @greta  @FoxNews I love Donald Trump. For ONCE I feel like someone out there running actually cares about us.\"
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 5OVWdxgLn9
LIVE on #Periscope: Watch major press conference live from @TrumpTowerNY now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain wwdgQKEHD3
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
\"@LettyNTX: Obama left our American hostages in Iran. #Trump2016 \" Sadly, so true!
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP slsvuxcEhF
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. iZZg1N8Mwu
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran! dHDFOG3tfp
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... ExfY7Q6C73\" Megyn, say \"thank you Donald!\" @FoxNews also should say \"thanks!\"
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
\"@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly,  spoke from heart.
\"@sparkey03:  Go #Trump2016\"
\"@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions.\" He is a joke!
\"@gulfportedd:  Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...\"
\"@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
\"@TheKrankyGirl:  Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI  it7papSmwv\"   Great!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
No more Clintons or Bushes! bHz4Etnhw7
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists ; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
\"@BelAirCA: Only Trump is capable of cleaning up the mess America is in, that's why he has my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump   So true!
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@highwayhopper66: @ConnieMackIV @00patriot My wife and I are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor PERIOD!\" Thank you
\"@socalmike_SD: #Trump2016  unofficial fight song Qt9rEY4qoM via @youtube\" Such hard work and imagination-thanks
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
Very proud of Trump Int'l Golf Links in Aberdeen, Scotland. Just got the five star award from @VisitScotNews  VA4rHFO9Eh
See, I told you so UOC8xu11z3
This is no \"act of love\" as Jeb Bush said… K4FKTKpaTI
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
\"@nodramahea:  Gaining more supporters every day. People want change. Trump2016\"
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
\"@Ricky_Vaughn99: Herschel Walker: Donald Trump is 'my frontrunner' for president 242hWZ8C8k via @USATODAY\"
\"@teapartynews: Trump Wins Tea Party Group's 'Nashville Straw Poll' - Newsmax tGJEeapJga\"  GREAT, THANK YOU!
Via @BreitbartNews \"TRUMP WINS NASHVILLE GRASSROOTS STRAW POLL WITH 52 PERCENT\"- kmNU8IkI5Q
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
\"@joehos18: BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans.... MmsebE0LPP via @thelastrefuge2
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
\"@TDarbyMitchell: I love you Donald Trump! I've never liked politics before u came on the scene but I finally feel like there's hope for USA
\"@NancyLLeonard: Love 'em or hate 'em  is changing the playing field, finally. Our country needed this wake-up call.
Thank you @AmSpec BpybnpXMc9
A phony story that I am trying to buy a soccer team in Argentina is untrue. Never even heard of the team—no interest! YCQAQBarfj
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday- pv8sIVxCzu
Via CNN: Trump now leads in odds to win GOP nomination 6ExyTO6BpJ
\"@TheLongShotzz:  @FoxNews @tperkins Trump wins\"
\"@jp_sitles:  HillaryClinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists , terrorists. #OhMe\"
\"@kathystone1221:  @therealbigdt @FoxNews @krauthammer #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TeamTrump#usa....Trump 2016 !!!\"
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
\"@therealbigdt: @FoxNews @krauthammer  #Trump is the Real Deal, Baby.\" Thank you.
\"@PeteNice1976:  @irisodle #ToughTimes NEED A #ToughPRESIDENT #SilentMajority is back ; #Trump will handle #IranDeal ; #ISIS
\"@LandmanMarius:  Trump for President of the USA\"
\"@irisodle: Love you man! I'm one of the silent majority that's so excited to finally have us a spokesman! Behind you all the way!\"
\"@FoxNews: .@Rub: @jorgeramosnews should've disclosed his daughter works for HillaryClinton ; Univision is being sued by .\"
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! z00nIlB7NI
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews FWPGgISlu8
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, ; Alex Skarlatos. 5P0tX9Mq8u
True, thanks.  HDZt12Oaid
\"@ladycatherinecd  he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again !  #Trump #tcot #Election2016\"
\"@CodyShirk @genemarks @Entrepreneur  Because he speaks ; acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician.\"
\"@beck_coulter  Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Thanks.  qVDlJToLqz
Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  FjQfdCrfdT
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
\"@linda_lcarson:  Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!
\"@ASA_Patriot:  @PatrickStinard @megynkelly I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm\"
\"@RageFelix:  @GovernorPataki ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN \"TACKY PATAKI\" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK
\"@Dlund22226523: Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second.\"
\"@ibemoshing: No hope for Jeb Bush anymore,  has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a \"fence.\" It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his \"anchor babies\" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
\"@PatrickStinard: @megynkelly Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!
\"@YoungYoung54:  @JeriHyatt @megynkelly @JebBush So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!\"
\"@Barbavh:  @megynkelly Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!\"
\"@TheBrianMo: The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From  e40rUzfTUE #DonaldTrumpForPresident\"
\"@AdriannaMarie:  People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.
\"@jdwarren12:  Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir\"  Thank you.
\"@toneantone96:  No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of  Leadership!
\"@YankeesJC1: DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! \"Roll Trump Roll #TrumpInAL #Trump2016 GUDBOAzp06
\"@mstanish53:  @megynkelly  The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long .\"
\"@MikeRaj7:  @megynkelly Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT\"
\"@swamp_bug: @seanhannity  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP.\"
\"@bigpaulfla:   She has come back looking like Nancy Grace\"
\"@ColeHudson68: @megynkelly  @FoxNews @theBlaze @greta @OreillyFactor Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox.\"
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
\"@JeriHyatt: @megynkelly @JebBush  Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!\"
Via The Brody File: \"The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump\"  Thank you David ; CBN News--so nice.   XSbTUXxs7K
Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank. UbprPUWHQ9
Thank you Greta. dty0C6K6fz
Even Barbara Bush agrees with me- y3SSyF7xxX
Depression- be careful of China! 6BGk0ZjKwT
\"@sweetspottrader: only  can save us form this turmoil #Trump2016\" Perhaps so!
\"@glendabelle_11 @FoxNewsInsider @foxandfriends  Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump
\"@ZephyrusMatrix: Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
\"@john_franco: When people start losing their savings ; home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember \"read my lips, no more taxes\"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said \"the rooms capacity is just over 2000.\" But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
\"@dojiedojie:  Keep talking Donald....The people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!\"
\"@crstin0516: @DanScavino @keraladubai  That chant gave me sweet, sweet chills!! #USA 🇺🇸 #America\"
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL UokCEy7e4N
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
\"@AmyMek Every Time I see  address a crowd I want to start chanting USA, USA, USA! #AmericanPride is Back #Trump2016\"
Great! oJ6sqHB3MA
We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally, the silent majority is back! Vj8vho1ro7
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term \"anchor babies,\" offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@2ndVoter: @SteveHuang68 agree. One of the things that is good abt  is he's forcing others out of status quo politicking.\"
\"@MattyJack33:  @TomLlamasABC So refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. Keep it up Trump!\"
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members ; criminals
@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement \"we're going to get them out so fast, so quick\" applied to hard core criminals ; gang members. LIE
Behind the scenes video with “Uncle Sam” (eagle’s name) and me.\npOXbchdHbd
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @TIME photo shoot. GoloYLeRZz
On the cover of @TIME Magazine—a great honor! zlEHp49oPs
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will Make America Great Again! ovxQMw4kob
Another great poll result! Thank you! loMirPFLIZ
\"@LKDUSA: @LKDUSA Now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like . The rest don't cut it. ALL WIMPS!!\"
\"@WendyJFluga28: DonaldTrump is an emblem of HOPE that the best is yet to come for America! The good Trump name will be proudly displayed
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 3zYiIYWs87 -- it is selling fast!
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
\"@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth  has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My H-1B reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country, not lobbyists, ; will have bipartisan support: xDay480qfv
\"@aduanebrown New CNN/ORC poll:  #1 w/ 24% -- favorability rating on the rise while Jeb's declines. 60% among women!!\"
\"@JoeWeissnmb  @MichaelCohen212 Walker ; Bush want to be like Trump. My Mom88 \"They sound like boys compared to Trump.\"
\"@ktumulty Polls indicate that a Trump presidency is now inevitable. #August\"
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment ; lots of jobs for U.S.
\"@JohnBerman Two explanations on  that seem no longer sufficient: 1) It's early.  2) It is all a media creation.\"
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
Our online campaign store is open! Visit 3zYiIYWs87 for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise including my signature hat!
When foreigners attend our great colleges ; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
It does matter! SDfmHgneAf
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 3KWOl2ibaW --- it is selling fast!
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
\"@RuizSeferino:  @paulfincher2 Please have mercy on all Veterans. All we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. Trump for Pres!\"
\"@NobamaDotCom: An FYI to all the DonaldTrump haters: We've won. Most admit TRUMP CAN WIN. And  @GeorgeWill ; @krauthammer - watch and learn
\"@BannermanJack: Rush is on fire today!He really does have his finger on the pulse. The  shamers can't win against El Rushbo
\"@paulfincher2: I truly believe  is America's best choice to get our economy back on course ; create needed jobs.
\"@PrimMrs: @Rockprincess818 The best Immigration Policy yet! Time for  to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@1776Pirate: @LindseyGrahamSC @WashTimes @madisongesiotto agreed. We need  as president ASAP.\"
\"@Techn9cian1923: @ChrisCuomo It felt Like a moment of silence when U said  DOESN'T PLAY! Powerful Interview👍👍 #Trump2016\"
\"@KNDetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes  just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else's. Including Cruz.
The polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! wZiNNsvZx2
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
\"@WriteReadRock: @thehill DonaldTrump is EVERYWHERE! At this moment he is the most famous person on Earth. And for a GOOD reason! #TRUMP2016
\"@javonniandjeno:  @AP @nbc Donald Trump is Clint Eastwood, the perfect hero not scared of American terrorists. Vote Trump!\"
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
LIVE on #Periscope: Good morning Iowa! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  zSLKMCk0tW
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC ; The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt ; folks @NBC were GREAT!
Our campaign store is officially open! Visit 3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
Not under my watch- cju8E0Y0xJ
\"@DavidHerjavec  completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump\"
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit 3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit 3zYiIYWs87 --- it is selling fast!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction ; make Iran a force like never before.
\"@mikerotondo86 Only Trump can bring us back from 20 Trillion in debt... He's the only one with the experience and skill set to do so.\"
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
Our online store is officially open! Visit 3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
\"@pokeyisme1971:  @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016\"
\"@johncook4189:  @ericbolling @oreillyfactor KhmPz1WpFq\"
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
\"@officialjtw:  You're iconic! You are going down in the history books! #trump2016\"  So nice, thank you.
\"@Roy_Propsner:  ...Don't give up, don't surrender your 3rd party OPTION\"
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @KathieLGifford. What a couple! 2mZlN3UO94
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! 0k0Y0pgbhC
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy ; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
Oh really, check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @HowardStern show 5 years ago--I am the innocent (pure) one!8Hg7f5Q2jE
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
\"@Libsaredemfools: : No one knows more about business and the economy than you. You are what's right for America!\"
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, ; I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
\"@strayamaaaate: DonaldTrump shaking things up in US elections. Jeb Bush is really weak. Carly Fiorina shud go back to HP
\"@jonnati77: @EWErickson : TWITTER...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want TRUMP 2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@WWDBLane:  Nice try Jeb, my wife agrees with Trump over Megyn.
\"@OUTOF_3_9_0: •• You got the the largest rating in HISTORY .. That should say all needed about you to @FoxNews! EQIvPHz7mQ\"
\"@CommissarOfGG: You are being attacked from all sides, yet you have the people's hearts. Just be calm and trust yourself. We love you.\"
\"@granitttg:  it'll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #DonaldTrump\"
\"@george_frye:  Finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. Go Donald!\"
\"@sacquisto23: . you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that \"Trump won the debate.\" Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. \"weakness.\"
Re Megyn Kelly quote: \"you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever\" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many \"politically correct\" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want.... VITAdGFAja\" Thank you!
\"@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll eA3gvLBri8 : 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl\" @krauthammer  APOLOGIZE!
\"@katygolf: @Maxinerunner: Newsmax poll eA3gvLBri8 : 65% @marklevinshow @RWSurferGirl\"  Another debate win!
\"@John832TheTruth: @FrankLuntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡\"
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history ; you say nothing but bad...
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger @FoxNews @business\n  rWPZTeoc6j
\"@TomNocera: @DanScavino  \"TRUMP DOMINANT\" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times. #Trump2016\" A08sQFzBLR
\"@ElvisFever:  @megynkelly @FoxNews Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional\"
\"@GotMade:  Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out, @FoxNews was not fair to Trump\"
@TIME poll:  winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% @RealBenCarson, 10% @JohnKasich mzR62luvWq
\"@CaptTimScrim: Dear @megynkelly , your attempted hatchet job on  was unbecoming ; a total failure. @FoxNews
\"@StefanVersac: @megynkelly @ChrisStirewalt  @ChrisChristie  Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate\"
\"@Southern_Anon63: I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting  on Election Day.\"
\"@joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz  you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president
\"@Domenclature: TIME POLL:  wins the first #Republicanpresidentialdebate by Wild Margin mzR62luvWq #Politics
\"@Sulli1963: @AnnCoulter final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina\"
\"@italy2320:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again\"
\"@678b4612a62641f:  @Reid2962 @FoxNews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump!\"
\"@Mannamalistic: I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love . He speaks the truth!\"
\"@Diplomt:  is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12% @Drudge_Report even after @MegynKelly ; @BretBaier tried to take him out.
\"@stinger_inc:   @megynkelly's behaviour at the #GOPDebate was astonishingly biased.\"
\"@BrianCraigShow:  your rocked ; won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump\"
\"@agcaddauan:  @DRUDGE_REPORT Megyn could have done a far better job*\"
\"@Diplomtc_Immnty:  They tried to take you out ; your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not @FOXNews moderators.
\"@Reid2962:  @FoxNews I expected better from @megynkelly, wondering what is her hidden agenda.
\"@Resi_Diederich: @PlatinumRosie  @FoxNews @megynkelly is that all you've got??? Haha.\"
\"@JetRanger69:  @FoxNews @megynkelly @BretBaier WAS A DISASTER ALSO.\"
\"@Lking2fly: I gotta have  in the White House that'd be such a game changer\"
\"@11phenomenon: Despite the hype,  wins the debate by a wide margin. 2KRx2TBETS\"
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called \"focus groups\" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT ; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
\"@FrankLuntz: I'm getting a lot of @MegynKelly hatemail tonight. 😆 #GOPDebate\" She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
\"@timjcam: @megynkelly @FrankLuntz  Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  @MegynKelly will consider other programs!\"
\"@RubenMMoreno:  The biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!
\"@ept_rudyru: @DRUDGE_REPORT Excellent job!  You are real ; everyone saw that 2nite! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #SilentMajority
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT fokcASBVuN
\"@FoxNews: : “When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out\" hTUJ35ja0Q
Thank you @TIME readers- a great honor! 2KRx2TBETS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate SNrr9YZmou
Wow! What a great honor from @DRUDGE_REPORT fokcASBVuN
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain rQ8LZHgHyJ
I look forward to tonight's \"debate\" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called \"Bob Massi Is The Property Man\" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
\"@lesleyclark \"Anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch ,”  YR1YX5bLkw #FoxDebate\"
\"@jessicarnewman: The only reason most viewers will be watching the #RepublicanDebate tonight...  XKdqVT82p5\"
\"@RKMCPHERSON2014: Tonights, The GOP aka  show. Projected to be the most watched GOP debate in history. Will u b watching??
\"@Shelia1965A:  God Bless You Donald Trump. I am so glad you decided to run. The Democrats have run this Country into the ground.\"
\"@HowardJax50:  @FrankLuntz NBC says Trump leads with HS grads or less...doesn't bother saying Trump leads with college grads, too\"
\"@suandres2013: My dad is a Korean and Vietnam vet. 51 years total with Govt. He's 81 and sharp as a tack. You got his vote. Go Donald\"
\"@Women4Trump: @mauigirl56   We shall see. All I know is The Donald is the only one who can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!!!\"
\"@ChadSchiebler: I can't remember a candidate that I've been this excited about  don't let us down! We believe! #landslide\"
\"@WillDangelo: Sunset reflects on  tower in Las Vegas. What a view! Zq2BAqqgl1\"
\"@hbtc23:  backs down from nobody!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 @steveaustinBSR @WWE 🇺🇸 🙌🏻 rD0ZYcHgmF\"
\"@anotherTRUMPvot: The way DonaldTrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @LindseyGrahamSC tell you all you need to know.
\"@Women4Trump:  @SemiNoland Yup. And Clinton's leaked meeting with The Donald because they are skeered of all his support.\"
\"@FrankLuntz: Trump is leading with almost every major group of Republican primary voters. fwIZR6XhYP\"
\"@real_one23: Sure they want Mr. Trump  out. He can't be bought. #notapuppet qz3ujpVUIv\"
\"@SemiNoland:  Hilary is trying to make Jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of The Donald.\"  True!
\"AmyMek  Amen!  has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!\"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! LO14es9CLp
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  AANybghvCv
\"@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.\"
\"@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot\"
\"@iuhoops2015  it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! \"
\"@ToTheTanr  You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's\"
Thank you. uA1LZ0EoAo
\"@breadman28   make America great again. We're running out of time!\"
Thanks.  6G7hVhrtiY
\"@InsureRetire  @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.\"
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
\"@cookingdoll:  Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
\"@Keeganbcall:  I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
\"@LaneLynmil:  I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald.\" Thanks.
\"@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.\"
\"@DBottenhagen:  the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don\"
\"@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll ZR3PvOAARe #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A\"
\"@BADfundraisers:  All Donald Trump knows how to do is win! Go Trump 2016!\" I do love winning!
\"@Kathlee08380944: @WSJ  @hookjan Trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border That's getting great attention Go Trump
\"@TSettles14: I'd be proud to say the first President I voted for was  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@TrumpsGucciGirl: : oh yeah @megynkelly you don't want it to be all about Trump- he's # 1 not #17
\"@ctmommy: @megynkelly #KellyFile #WTF? You do realize  isn’t the #GOP enemy - @HillaryClinton is.\"
\"@RoniSeale:   @foxandfriends #GoTrump #GOP #VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@jimlibertarian:  @Dan__Crocker @foxandfriends Donald Trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand Hillary is a total liar👿\"
\"@sr_stocks: @WSJ  winner Trump. get use to it.Trump2016\"
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
\"92-year-old registers to vote for first time, says will vote for Trump\"    \n  ckTmTsaIY2
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
\"@Daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212   That is why I like Mr. Trump he speaks the truth and  stands by it.\"
\"@jimlibertarian @jerome_corsi @MichaelCohen212 we the people are making it quite clear Donald is the People's choice, we want truthfulness\"
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
\"@bedard_nancy:  TRUMP STANDS FOR TRUTH\"
\"@_trump4potus: Trump continues to rise in the polls! The American People are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #Trump2016\"
\"@RoniSeale: @foxandfriends Trump is surging, leading,; breaking EVERY poll because #TrumpIsRight #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
\"@Dan__Crocker: @foxandfriends  Trump opens his mouth, his numbers go up. When Hillary does it, hers go down. Must be something to it.\"
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
My #GOPDebate @facebook question for the other candidates- 3aSLoZYDLx
\"@ValetaSue57 @greta @FoxNews Like Trump more ; more everyday, he is saying what we all need to hear ; understand, He loves USA\"
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
New Poll Shows Donald Trump Blowing Everyone Else Out of the Water. sAVTGaswcl
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there ; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody ; is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates ; not him
\"@AndrewMillerKC  We have to vote for  ! Our nation can't afford another #Bush! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@raleynicole143: I can't wait to be able to tell my kids I voted for  🇺🇸 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@lynn_weiser:  @DanScavino @EricTrump @ericbolling It's a trailblazing campaign A campaign that connects to people!\"
\"@jordanallen21:  you'll be the first person I ever vote for. #Trump2016\"
Bush is pretending that the \"Trump surge\" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush \"delight\" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
\"@PizzaPartyBen:  huge supporter out here in Alaska! Let's make this country great again!\"
\"@MalachiNo: How will anybody beat Isis besides Trump. They have never made a deal with another country, Trump beats everyone all the time.\"
\"@bdean1468:  @BDubLasVegas @foxandfriends WE LOVE U TRUMP\"
\"@MalachiNorris:  will win every state in 2016. GTQtZ7yWTb\"
\"@jesuspacheco58:  I've been supporting you since I was 12 can I get a fav or something #Trump2016\"
\"@tudybone4:  @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch Mr. Trump's interview #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Great.
\"@BDubLasVegas:  @foxandfriends Thats early here in Vegas, but I set my DVR!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@FoxNews: .@ericbolling: \"Polls show [ would] be the GOP nominee if the vote was held today.\" OOtx0Rqwjs\"
\"@BigBrett45:  @foxandfriends TRUMP 2016!! PERIOD.....\"
\"@VickyBrush: @MANX38  @JEDTHEFISH7 Only those who aren't brain-dead. Time to take back our country ; Mr. Trump is the ONLY man who can.\"
\"@bdean1468:  @CoachZachCooper AMERICA WANTS TRUMP\"
\"@TeamFallowwBack:  @foxandfriends - #Trump2016 💯💯💯💯\"
\"@adair_ariel:  @foxandfriends looking forward to it!\"
\"@WreckThisPro:  @foxandfriends I'll be watching it. Can't wait until you become our president Trump.\"
\"@AliasHere: RT : I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!\"
\"@squirtlong:  @foxandfriends Trumps the Man of 2016!\"
\"@RaxsonDFS: There is no way President Trump loses this election. He will win by historical landslide. Will be greatest #POTUS ever!\" Thanks
\"@brady2edelman:  Mr. Trump you are the next President of the United States. And the next President Reagan.God Bless America
\"@TPFA_KathyA_1: We'll be watching.  2016! Will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @foxandfriends : 5ED5TFC6xc\"
\"@IvoryRymes:  Donald Trump summed up in one word.....TRAILBLAZER !!!\" Thanks.
\"@CoachZachCooper:  Congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the Center Stage Position In The Upcoming Debates!\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
\"@DavidBougs:  @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @RealMarkCole Amen! GOP elite called Reagan a cowboy, B- movie actor, dangerous,unelectable.Trump!
\"@gqforbes: DOMINATING SOCIAL MEDIA! 's twitter edge @DanScavino @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling\" r2FOMm5Tr0
\"@scorpio5053: @nowandthan @RealMarkCole  The GOP TREETED Reagan the same way. Until he beat em then turned into ass kissers
\"@winkiechance: @VickyBrush @RWSurferGirl  He has MY vote too! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@RoniSeale: @DanScavino  @FoxNews @EricTrump @ericbolling #GoTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #gop #Trump2016 WgVNBFK4ik\"
\"@Dark_Red_Hair2: . will get things done for America BuRAg7G7NH\"
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
\"@ColinSWood   is worth more than ALL of the other Presidential candidates combined and plenty more.\"
\"@blindtothetruth Trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. Not like some of the career politicians he's running against. Cowards.\"
\"@sjh2222 Difference Between Politicians and  = \nPols Are Bought ; Paid For. Trump Can't be Bought, Bullied or Bribed!\"
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.\n -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place ; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
Thank you for your service!  xBJ47fUXC0
Thank you.  BbD9deWjbQ
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night ; it is certainly my intention to be very nice ; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there ; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles ; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong ; he hates it!
\"@bdean1468 The alpha male in the 2016 race:  \nHe has real success stories, tons of money, confident, ; he's his own backer\"
\"@lasannewton  The only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors\"
\"@Jennifer75AR @AmyMek  He's not for sale like the politicians are! That's why he gives us truth! Trump for Prez! #Trump2016\"
\"@LinFlies  @califortrump   we love #TrumpForPresident ; thankful\"
\"@linablue:  I love the fact you can't be \"bought\"...\"
\"@me_lisa_m: @DanScavino  Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump\"
\"@BillLester651: @DanScavino  Latinos for Trump believes in Trump\"
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
Thank you. oRATmdIzqE
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt ; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!\n  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” 49IAe1Nlm7
\"@JereeGeeStavich  You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.\"
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  vKz8a0ICGs
\"@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner.\"
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN ; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN ; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
\"@jan102345678:  Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
\"@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. CGqNnUtwQg\"
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: \"TRUMP: OBAMA SHOULDN’T ATTACK AMERICANS OVERSEAS, HILLARY’S EMAIL WAS ‘CRIMINAL\" BWrHxT50sy
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests ; donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
We can make Washington work for us. It’s time for real leadership. Let’s #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  u25yI6aIvG
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
Via @limbaugh: “Trump Doubled Down -- and It Worked”\n 91i6FWWxGf
“@marklevinshow: ‘PLUNDER AND DECEIT’”\n  dQ4OHpT227 via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
Via cnsnews by @SJonesCNS: “Trump Explains His Appeal: 'People Are Tired...Of These Incompetent Politicians'” Y36EQiGE5a
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest ; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
Via @politico by “Poll: Trump has twice the support of Bush in New Hampshire”\n  aeHiTqEZlq
My @FoxNews int. with @seanhannity on Obama being all talk ; no action ; making America Great Again! RqP6MNnR7h
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain erwKxZVGpP
Thank you @mcuban for your nice words. I am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan!\n   sLXkCh9qfg
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
\"@thehill  The people of NH know what the American people know: Trump is the only one with any CLUE about how to fix things\"
\"@dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns  veterans for Trump 2016\"
\"@Whitejl0111: @FoxNews   McCain   hasn't done anything for the Vets; fact! He only talks about himself! 😣\"
\"@USARestoring: @HillaryClinton's toast. Dems had better get the\"B Team\" off the bench. @TGowdySC for Attorney General under President Trump
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
\"@robertaritzen: @AnnCoulter @seanhannity  We love him! I love his truth telling. That he's so real and calls it how he sees it. #Trump2016\"
\"@LifeZette:Jeb ; Hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from  about making America great again JJw1blEjNy
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
\"@moses11211: Donald Trump leads in new #GOP polls.. @foxandfriends  lVNSZmY9La\"
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days ; back on trail.
\"@AmyMek The Media hates Trump b/c he's a Proud American Entrepreneur who loves his country, wants others 2 succeed ; calls out their lies\"
.@GovernorSununu who couldn't get elected dog catcher in NH forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2% WsA3Jnjhwa
\"@ScoodieGolden Twitter loves Trump. 1000's of retweets for Mr. Trump while @ScottWalker gets 5 to 10 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\"
Thanks Lou. hDm7MrrwTD
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
We must build a wall to secure our border. It will save lives and help Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
“Iowans Drawn to Donald Trump Praise His Antiestablishment Bent” nyYk3DBXD5 via @WSJ by @heatherhaddon ; @reidepstein
Via @nytpolitics by @AshleyRParker: “Strong Showings for Donald Trump in Iowa and New Hampshire Polls” UARuXLir8b
\"@TomMcPeek   More people r gravitating to  because they're tired of all the usual BS\"
Thanks. xU5h2BwojR
\"@Read_my_note No wonder why  is ahead in the presidential polls.. People are tired of the same old crap from Washington!\"
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
\"@MDTaylorJr Everyone else have fun being politically correct. Meanwhile,  is speaking the truth. #Trump2016\"
\"@scorpio5053  is the real deal. Hes not running for his health. Believes in the Red White ; Blue.@UnitedCitizen01\"
\"@Cj112Connie I don't get the media??Trump is ahead in every poll, but won't give him credit, they say he won't make it?? 60% of us say yes\"
\"@jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @MichaelCohen212 you're damn right we want the truth,we've been lied to 4 years and we've had it.#Trump2016\"
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close ; gaining.
\"@AlexPagliano Caught 's speech from Iowa. Why is the media portraying him so poorly? Guy has passion, great ideas.\"
Thank you, Greta.  CWQZlIBV78
Thank you, Wayne Root -- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!L3cKIEDZ2X
\"@rp53pierce:  Mr Trump you're a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people\"
\"@MitchPrefach: DonaldTrump Iowa speech excellent. Particularly the end about Israel and Iran. More foreign policy please. You have my vote.
\"@BfgBobgrant:  @Operator1975 Agreed! We need you!\"
\"@BfgBobgrant:  @hammetjohn I've been awake, but now see a chance of real hope with Trump.\"
\"@bollweevil51:  Great speech in Iowa....Obama/Kerry throw Israel under the bus.\"
\"@SilverSharen: Obama is in Africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. How about that money to help America. Trump for POTUS.\"
\"@PaulaDuvall2: Before Mr. Trump's Presidential bid, I was leaning toward Walker! Glad I was saved from stepping in something TERRIBLE.\"
\"@Arful1dodger:  I know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !\"
\"@PaulaDuvall2:  Washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. Must be, since 7 yrs of LAWLESSNESS in WH are ignored.\"
\"@bluestarwindow: @bdean1468  @twendencyUSA We SHALL make America great again.\"
\"@eddiebrognano:  ScottWalker THANK YOU FOR SAYING WHAT THE MEDIA HASNT SAID ABOUT WALKER. Wisconsin is a hot mess and it's his fault.\"
\"@sorensen_ao: @HuffPostUKPol  #DonaldTrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #InterestingTimesAhead\"
\"@luismp77:  Team Trump all the way!\"
\"@Man_In_The_Hole: \"Our leaders are dummies. They don't know what's going on. It's true, they're incompetent. #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@DDiTarant: America needs  ! #Trump2016 #BuildTheFence #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@PaulaDuvall2: Outsider Donald Trump assesses ; addresses major American problems. What has Congress been doing for the past 7 years?\"
\"@billyjowiggins:  The lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep\"
\"@about_life: Politician Have Been Running(Ruining) America For Years; Lets Change That Now -Trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com\"
\"@fubaglady: .@npomalley  @YossiGestetner You understand McCain is a RINO Senator who voters can't stand ; who's over stayed his welcome?\"
\"@Agent_54 @theblaze @pretrim10 MSM can't push DonaldTrump around. vCY91c05dm No More PC Political Hacks! 6XsgLPKugY
\"@about_life:  Silent Warriors 4 Trump 2016 - Vets! Let’s Take America Back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com\"
\"@about_life:  I Luv America 4 Trump 2016 - Let’s Make America Great Again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com\"
\"@DavidKyleOnline:  attack Walker on Common Core. State grassroots not happy with him on CC inaction.\"
\"@EOetzel: @peddoc63   JebBush I think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb....\"
\"@bluestarwindow:  @bdean1468 Putin knows that Obama is a danger to the world. Putin will respect President Trump\" True!
\"@Brammz3: In full support of  for #POTUS! No reason he shouldn't win the @GOP nomination. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
\"@_John_Handel:  @ScottWalker and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.
\"@WalterWhfla:  unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT\"
\"@ModerateMic: .DonaldTrump: Ask @ScottWalker why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig Potawatomi
\"@Faithful_USA: I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
\"@Hturne:  vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE.\"
\"@guthrie_kelley:  AMEN. Thank you Trump\"
\"@KingSchnabel:  College students love trump. Never change.\"  Great.
\"@RICHMCLOUGHLIN:  @YossiGestetner GIVE THEM HELL.\"
\"@ZacharySmitty:  I just listened to this speech and loved it!\"
\"@HL3tweets:  @CoachAbda Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True
\"@otto2468:  He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America? #Trump2016\"
\"@Foshay504: @greta DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!
\"@g_pluth: @RedNationRising Hats off to  for sticking it to liberal msm. @DMRegister\" A horrible newspaper, failing badly.
\"@TriciaNC1: @Centaur6D If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals\"
\"@dc1a7ce3d7f7402:  veterans for Trump 2016\"
\"@YossiGestetner: Whoa!  shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great
\"@CoachAbda: Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!\"
\"@twendencyUSA: #Twendency Tweet of the Hour in USA politics #9pm by  7K0CIh2Zrj 9aflKwjogc\"
\"@RustyOsborne15:  you got my vote\"  Thanks.
\"@gqforbes: TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt gupiYMQNA2  e7CWiHj95r\"
Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again! P58AGMmBwY
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain wisZRVAmPR
Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain qEUeu8cDwO
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
\"@energypryde:  @TheEconomist Trump in office restores US swagger.\"
\"@StoneZipper:  @stephenfhayes Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is.\" Will never happen!
\"@kerrygold1914:  @TheEconomist the Donald is crushing it\"
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
\"@sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER AMERICA! NOT DonaldTrump
\"@GarethBale22:  you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it\"
\"@Operator1975:  Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!\"
\"@Shella_Bella:  @ConnieHegel MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!\"
\"@hammetjohn: In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting.  Woke up about 300 Million people
\"@ConnieHegel:  if trump is not on that stage no one will watch\"  So true!
\"@lucascoon1:  Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more\"
\"@AndreaWeslien: #DEBATE @seanhannity  If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES
\"@MYKALFURY: @seanhannity  I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.
Via @BreitbartNews by @NolteNC: \"DONALD TRUMP SURGES TO COMMANDING LEAD IN POST-MCCAIN BACKLASH POLL\" OvL90Hm1KN
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
Thank you @DennisRodman.  It's time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! I hope you are doing well! H7d2ZLmod2
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
\"@KimBredesen  I appreciate that you don't apologize when someone is \"offended\" by what you say. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
True! zuI0QYYCaQ
True, thanks. xD2hlCobgo
\"@DanScavino: Via Economist/YouGov 7•24•2015 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\" GSXf8Tfzvn
\"@nozzero   Finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!\"
\"@paulkellysr  Mr Trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. We need to turn America around if we want to save her.\"
\"@gpavlik7  1/2 of new California driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants. Read the Sac' Bee, July 17th. Go get'em, Trump!\"
It is time to send someone from the outside to fix DC from the inside. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo. vIcDmjUiJV
Arriving to check out the border. nZMeKl3siW
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
DC has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. We can’t send another politician to the White House u25yI6aIvG
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Great read:  “How New York's Veterans Day Parade Became 'America's Parade'” PuYQl4CRg3
\"@mitchellvii @thehill @slone Here's a crazy thought.  Maybe Trump is gaining traction because HE'S RIGHT?\"
\"@TitanicQueen @LadySandersfarm What frightens them abt Trump is his totally NON POLITICAL CORRECT nature~Donald is shaking up the house!\"
True. kbdTazxEZG
\"@flanny1971:  clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!
\"@facingeast52:  Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there.\"
Thoughts ; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
\"@Woodsy_gal: Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U! #Trump2016\"
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
\"@RTylerR4 Don't let the press put words in your mouth!   Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!\"
\"@tmautner1211  If all the Hispanics hate the , why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?\"
\"@grant_hose  I like  . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not \"what you wanna hear\".
Great! FFzhWLUfzF
\"@TheJordanHafizi   is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!\"
\"@themakaylamarie  is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%.\"  Thanks.
Thanks.  CD3SYvgKfj
\"@Jaybaby63  Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!\"
True! sEdzvjuHgY
\"@MichaelCohen212  Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer         #CNN @wolfblitzer sWWWqAt8or …
\"@LAgirlrebelyell:Safe travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back
\"@Kathe56Kat:  please be careful\"  Thank you!
\"@SanchezBrutus: Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion.\"
\"@rox473:  Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS\"
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
\"@3rdedit: Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA ; telling it like it is!\"
\"@fedupwithgovern: Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion\"
\"@akawhit1: @Maxinerunner @RonNussbeck  MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation 3z3IqhnfKM …\"
\"@moekamerow: @AC360 Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump\"
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
\"@woodardralph31: @gene70 @Macys We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!\"
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
\"@RonNussbeck: @Maxinerunner I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits ; take them from disabled Vets\"
\"@PATRIOT4657: @megynkelly The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe\"
\"@gene70:  @macys America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald
\"@tarabernie: Hey  check out Access Hollywood: p8WoUOmDqH\"  Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
\"@bitchpuuuhlease:  @FrankLuntz mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!\"
\"@bhill3333: We don't know Trump positions ; he's dominating polls. @GOP should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP
\"@BB1959_:  @FrankLuntz I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going.\"
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
\"@CherokeeShaman2: Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. DFUFUTIbxY\"
\"@jimlibertarian:   is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: \"Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban\" xPHdH74OXf
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! u25yI6aIvG
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers ; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” jpqYBBN6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” xcxP1l8S5E
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! axPAVsLEqx
True, thanks. xqlRporCwT
\"@BAM4AU @CNN  @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!\"
\"@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! dcVP0kehG3\"
\"@PJAliveguy: No matter what  says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
\"@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like \"is he for real\" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
\"@drewcarter49:  @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!\"  Thank you.
\"@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love  confidence\"
\"@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
\"@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
\"@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs  to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
\"@MeOnAJourney:  @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016\"
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
\"@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling . No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
Via @gatewaypundit: “Mother of Murdered Teen Thanks Donald Trump During Senate Hearing” uQrcCwmjhq
My response to the failing Des Moines Register, the ultra liberal paper that has no power in Iowa 4bEAW1sDzU
\"@iAmerican  All Talk No Walk. Old Politics. Let's Go  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GetItDone\"
\"@jinx510  don't get discouraged, keep telling the truth. Your detractors can't handle the truth.\"
\"@woofeous  GOP establishment forgets that Donald does not speak nor act like a 'retail politician'.\"
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
\"@Billd111 @seanhannity  Any candidate that says Trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down.\"
Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers-bgKmJ8TU67
Response to the Des Moines Register- krftGdPHN4
Via @AP by @kronayne ; @colvinj: \"Disavowed by GOP leaders, Trump has supporters cheering\"\nxfgPmrEtKv
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
.@BreitbartNews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd  @nbc  Lb3PBlN3u0 Thanks to Steve Bannon ; real reporters.
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
\"@DillyDoesIt Trump has no problem telling it how it is, isn't that what everyone has been wanting from a President? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@michaeljohns: #Trump support surges even higher after #McCain statement. Why?  Trump is a fighter. #GOP YhEE7NSKp8\"
\"@dancriscuolo: If Donald Trump isn't my president by 2017 I'm gettin' the h**k outta here!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@ileadliberty: I truly love this Land of the Free and I know that DonaldTrump will cut through the confusion and Make America Great Again!\"
\"@1Barbara1:  @SteveMarz1 @Felix_Clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity Vietnam Veterans Against McCain-Ap8l0JHZML\"
\"@bigg_ritch: The reason Trump is the man... He wants Americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally.
\"@ConnorBaldwin21:  has the balls to say what needs to be said and I love it\"
\"@WesleyRuedy: Donald Trump is the man. And people don't appreciate his honesty. \" Thank you.
\"@THENORAWILLIAMS: I'm #africanamerican ; I KNOW without a doubt that DonaldTrump is THE ONLY ANSWER to get the #USA out of this mess!
\"@Knight276:  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity I'm a veteran. I'm not offended by Trump\"
\"@AhmedBawazir: I'm very sure that  does things excellently dk28Bx89Et\"
\"@EdwardFrancisII: \"Can't Be Bought\"  - #2016election 3JmAo2Y94S\"
\"@SteveMarz1: @Felix_Clay  @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but McCain is not a hero. McCain abandoned POW g6XlYt4Cod McCain lies.\"
\"@ultradave1951:  check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking Mia/pow records\"
\"@Tea_Party_Chris: @RepDavid @RepMattSalmon @RepTrentFranks  @RealJamesWoods #Trump2016 #Trump #TrumpForPresident 3EnJ5u4kzL\"
\"@MrdannyArthur: @Paul_Beiss @Lg4Lg @seanhannity  @SenJohnMcCain Phoenix VA, led the league in scandals! McCain knew! Did nothing!\"
\"@AlleyKat2:  doesn't need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man\"  So true.
\"@AlbertoZambrano: @HeinzFGuderian   Well get your facts straight. McCain was so bad he gave us Obama. He gave arms to Islamic terrorists\"
\"@azuriterealtor:  @erintighe_  Keep going on,  you can win!\"
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
\"@kpdelbridge: FOX NEWS-Get your facts straight! Trump did not put down Vets-he put down a clown named McCain! @seanhannity
\"@erintighe_:  your the only person who really wants to save America\"
\"@bxldgxng:  i've never felt more strongly about anything in my life, you are the only person who can truly fix America\"
\"@JWCarrr: @AnnCoulter @SenTenCes   Ben Carson has not criticized Trump! And there's no need to mention Dr. Carson's education!\"
\"@schwartzb:  we need your help Donald! Make us great again!\"
\"@lizaperri:  The more the media attacks you, the more I know you are the right person for the job.\"
\"@BJSeastoneAMP: Proud of you  keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is\"
\"@greengolf56:  Keep going Mr trump America needs you\"
\"@MrsJRobbins: America needs  !!!  #Trump2016\"
\"@tonyparker1981: @Nate_Cohn @chrislhayes Not a huge surprise all day T.V. is all about  and nothing about BernieSanders
\"@TCastilonia:  @oreillyfactor Your the opening story on every political show,radio or tv.
\"@2009softail: You nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. You say what most middle class folks YELL at their TV every night - you speak 4 us\"
\"@BrianCstandsup:  I'm convinced. Let's go Trump. #Trump2016\"
\"@Drake4444444:  You're killing Jeb in the polls! Keep it up!\"
\"@djf123:  @PJTV #DonaldWillBeTheGOPNominee!
\"@Dark_Red_Hair: . - u hit a home run on THE FACTOR\"
\"@PJTV: ON TOP  The GOP, Democrats and media have all hit  Here’s the result: e6APNLGNGS OrEpbtXh3H\"
\"@ShepherdGarrett: It doesn't matter what the media thinks--It matters what the American people think  Keep It Up! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@kpmck63: I'm going to listen to  LONG before I listen to georgelopez #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@alyssathgreat:  “SenJohnMcCain is always talking, talking but nothing gets done. These #veterans are living in hell.” #OReillyFactor\"\"
\"@Malibu101834:  @oreillyfactor I'll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. Go donald.\"
\"@mikeezepek: @DLoesch Great interview! Give Trump a hot mic and watch out! It is the rawness, the non-PC guy. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion\"
\"@amit_  I agree 100%. McCain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our Vets.\"
\"@LinFlies @GhostDancer_2 @contrarian11 @MichaelCohen212 @ChrisCuomo @DeptVetAffairs ...rest of GOP only cries but Trump gets stuff DONE\"
\"@Valenti317  the left is petrified of you! Why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?\"
\"@MJJustus1 @AndrewStilesUSA  Trump already hosts vets at his resorts. What does Hillary do?\"
\"@RTMatador Trump says things that no one else would even consider saying, I agree with him on the immigration situation, i love honesty\"
\"@_EOD  I believe we have passed that point. There are Homeless Veterans in USA ; yet Illegal Aliens get Government Housing\"
\"@DanScavino  hosts events around the #USA 4our #Veterans. Long before a presidential run. He loves our military.\"
\"@VetApologist This is big criticism of the Republican field. Speak truth and stop being so PC. This is why  resonates!\"
\" @johnjcarp61  At least we're talking about the #VA! We weren't a month ago!  @JohnMcCain\"
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
\"@RW84JR:  Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!
\"@Jenism101:  @97Musick Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right.\"
\"@vettesetter: RT : My @USATOpinion piece: \"Trump: I don't need to be lectured\" ORa0H4A2xJ\"
\"@KathleenLove10:  @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!\"
\"@andres_3v:  you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica\"
\"@janetaylorann:  Will make the best President ever\"
\"@bdean1468:  @MaxChupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@restore_US_now: @JohnnyG__62  @GinaandersonRN ...what do you say now??? RdMXfnuBMH\"
\"@97Musick:  Voters LIKE \"tough and smart\"... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!\"
\"@MaxChupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan  Gotta love the honesty\"
\"@kda20151223:  trump for president I9VxZ0MlNQ\"
\"@ebalky:  that's all the career politicians do is talk\"
\"@GinaandersonRN:  ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH\"
\"@sjbatis:  Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!\"
\"@2014_vince: The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!\"
\"@pg_rant: They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them\"
\"@HL3tweets: McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle.\"
My @USATOpinion piece: \"Trump: I don't need to be lectured\" luEYQhgrr9
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday EplLsBWgBE
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people \"crazies\" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
\"@mwood_79:  @SharylAttkisson Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!\"
\"@dunn_cheri:  @SharylAttkisson Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll\"
\"@amsardina:  @SharylAttkisson kick there ass Trump\"
\"@sloopjohnb15:  @SharylAttkisson I'm on the #TrumpTrain2016\"
\"@deannecox777:  @SharylAttkisson Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #FactCheck #QuitHatin'\"
Wow, @SharylAttkisson  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain P1dxTmeCmQ
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Via @fitsnews: “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’” sgiETvdUqi
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough ; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
Statement on John McCain- Nh0rJPeUNl
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN ; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving @ariannahuff ; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
\"@koltonbittner: . makes me proud to be an American\" So nice, thank you!
\"@rua1ri:  your what America needs Donald!\"  Thank you.
\"@jimlibertarian:  @nonstop85716 it doesn't matter how you vote for Donald, just remember to vote Donald Trump for POTUS
\"@SteveMullaney1:  has all of my support!!\"
\"@BillyParker03:  The @BillAndMoShow has your back! TRUMP FOR PREZ!\"
\"@JoeyCarna:  if you don't win I'm moving to Europe.\" We will all win together!
\"@amandajoan40: This is the first time in my adult life that I have been excited about an election #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@JCippy:  for our next President !!\"
\"@nonstop85716: .I am always on the road. I am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary's and Mr Trump has my vote\"
.@genesimmons,\n \nAmazing!\n \nThank you.\n \n kCP39adNvR
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
Response to Huffington Post- WxwQWHIgOO
Via @TPInsidr 8Habr989Yw
Via @WashTimes by @dsherfinski hVNrE2XVWw
Via @BreitbartNews- IKP5DSD5nY
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
“Donald Trump was proven right on another one of his top issues Thursday: 'gun free zones' at military bases.” x1swUrw8l1
Via @AP March,2013: Jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” zeEKCFXroE Lying on campaign trail!
We will no longer be silent. We can take our country back! Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI6aIvG
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
\"@Tamaralynn212: @RWSurferGirl   The whole Gov. needs to be remodeled, he's the man for the job. I'd love to see him Prez.\"
\"@TheRealCamSand: It would be to cool if  was the president.\" Thanks!
\"@GotMade:  @JohnMcCain Trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth McCain\"
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them \"crazies\"--must apologize!
CNN: \"New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up\" lEBOJST9dA\n@MichaelCohen212
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail”\n  SbeHmuQJak It’s the Bush way!
We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran\"  AwCVNdzyry via @theblaze’
Via @TIME by @ZekeJMiller: “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery” h3eIc4mgu3
Via @FSMtweet: “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery” najLkku1zE
“30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP”  vL4ifAkxRt via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer
Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  y7nd9BziBP
Via @BreitbartNews by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO” rrRd7AkFED
\"@danforc  as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here\" Thx
\"@ChristianInst @MorenoDadKC @BarbaraGarro The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision.\"
They are great people! 7RTinwz1a8
Thank you. iGNIDSqlfZ
\"@ChanRogers I literally give a fist pump when I see  tell things the way they are ; calling out those with no credibility\"
\"@pbstwo @RasmussenNews  @weeklystandard. And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists.\"
\"@RasmussenNews @weeklystandard  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!\"
\"@MichaelPlu  @Macys we never shopped at Macy's anyway ; will now encourage three daughters not to as well\"
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
\"@joshdronzek   @Macys GO TRUMP\"
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks \"bull\" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
\"@HoustonWelder: Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is.\" So true!
\"@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere ; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that\"
\"@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!\"
Thank you Piers. uH6h74qShv
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
\".@PolitiTrends  is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via nexlCVB8ml )\"
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M ; lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister ; family are amazing.
\"@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by  w/ parents of kids killed by illegals.
\"@ben_techpro: It's way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain atRmfrr6lZ\"
\"@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP 0QNLGESdju\"
\"@AProudRebel:  HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.\"
Via The Hill: Trump Tops National Poll for Second Straight Week  s6nxfqdSQs
\"@Britinnv  Would the people of US prefer a liar @HillaryClinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! No Brainer hey!\"
We are no longer silent. We are energized ; ready to take our country back. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
\"@kavemanrj   Amazing work trump! I believe you will do the same for our country.\"
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
Who do you want negotiating for us? WASlyxbG1j
Response to Hillary Clinton- nzYfehyURa
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
A nation without borders is no nation at all. We must build a wall. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Ford is MOVING jobs from Michigan to Mexico AGAIN! TgVQ1458AJ As President, this will stop on Day One! Jobs will stay here.
\"@Zimbo251:  @greta Go Donald! Show them what a real man is!\"
\"@NorthStarMF:  love you, please fix america!\"
\"@LeeEllmauerJr: LEGAL Latino Immigrants talk to me in factories ; warehouses. Want to know why OBAMA to give AMNESTY? They did it RIGHT!\"
\"@Marta_AQT4U: Obama - just retire I'm ready for a real Leader !! #Trump2016  Please Hurry up and Get to The WHITE House !
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
\"@greta: Huffington Post has  in first place in the polls wAEAsWY5u8\"
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's qtmaEbeVy8
Very nice - @HuffingtonPost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18% and Bush second at 14% IXCbCtDUIp
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
\"@SaintPetersblog Part of me really, really likes . The man is breathtakingly honest. Have to give him credit.\"
Rush Limbaugh: \"Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration\" 894aXjRXDn
Have some fun with this- J59RW8tqQX
El Chapo comes to the U.S. often thru our border—it's been revealed he has CA drivers license. E7UA3eyP5O
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
\"@bdean1468 @jlangdale  @HillaryClinton @CNN SAY IT LOUD ; SAY IT PROUD - - WE WANT TRUMP!!!!!!\"
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, \"Mexico is sending....\", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs ; crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our \"leaders\" can't say no!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
Via @BreitbartNews by @AWRHawkins: \"TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX\" HCu2T8TFP2
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! I5CybmR0MF
Great @ANHQDC segment with @CharlesHurt: \"Breaking Down the Trump Factor\" PIo4YHPJlP Let's Make America Great Again!
Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again! Ve6IxqXqfb
Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @CNNPolitics by @mj_lee: \"Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix\" JZuIg1cmEB
\"@Eugene_Scott: \"I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal,\"  NfTFsp1zBn via @CNNPolitics\"
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
\"@gump6363: I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@PHATWHODAT:  Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?\"  Everywhere!
\"@frank_lemoine:  The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!\"
\"@DannyBo4455:  @mcgranejt @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!\"
\"@Pg1493:  I love what you want to do with this country!!\"
\"@WayneDupreeShow: Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SLAM against \"illegal immigration\" into him hating \"all immigrants
\"@DannyBo4455:  @hamishjoy Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word\"
\"@TheVotingVenue:  when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article: x1RqZcMn6q\"
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
\"@mcgranejt:  @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools ; out of touch with reality! We need Trump. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@hamishjoy: There's no republican field at all. When the  is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016
The Republicans who want to cut SS ; Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles” 5QWk3GgBiB
A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
“Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” 3qSUVRaf6f via @FoxNews by @toddstarnes
I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Standing with Jamiel Shaw, Sabine Durdin, Don Rosenberg, Lupe Moreno, Brenda Sparks, Robin Hvidston ; their spouses. X67CF765jQ
Our biggest problems are solved by growth. We need a President who is a job creator. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
PtViAyrO4A
\"@Mitestarossa Please follow  ...We already know what all the other politicians will do. #Trump2016  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Laura--Massive crowd, had to move to Phoenix Convention Center. 76fQCecDBd
Via @nypost by @GeoffEarle: “Polls show ‘President Trump’ may not be so far-fetched” C3v63rb9pD
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain sRePS1nvIq
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
\"@alarae37  keep speaking truth!! There are many of us who want America great again! Thank you!\"
\"@kpmck63 Stay the course Mr. Trump! It's easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won't. #Truth\"
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
Via @trscoop: \"WHOA: Trump changing venues for Saturday rally in Arizona due to OVERWHELMING RESPONSE\" nryPS8aPxA
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm ; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @CNNPolitics by @JDiamond1: “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”\n9ZhIKiBqw5
\"EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’\" wlz13nYels via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh
Via @BreitbartNews by Katie McHugh:\"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER\" QHP8CZpM5q
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
True, thanks.  k0IxFL6NxK
\"@tommyz63 @Reince let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know #Illegals are a huge problem!\"
Thanks. ewjfWYic4c
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both” Vd9FaOVcjr
\"@ErinEdwards001  thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote.\"
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” cTnLLwl1z4 via @BreitbartNews
“@limbaugh: 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'”\n  894aXjRXDn via @Newsmax_Media by Jason Devaney
\"@rdbrewer4 Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate.  You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP.\"
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
\"@gomrunner  keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC!  You are correctly presenting what people want.\"
\"@customwww @Clare_OC @Forbes  Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC ; will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth.\"
Via @EWErickson: “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump” CWx8gA5DTz
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
\"@rbern11162  @SharNeal  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely\"
\"@SharNeal @ericbolling @TheFive  a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else\"
\"@_JoshBishop @ppppolls  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem\"
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve\", doing well, end!
\"@RossMahan1952:  @krauthammer Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald\"
\"@bdevil89: @krauthammer ; rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like  - #immigration affects everything in society.
\"@KBrocking:  @krauthammer The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no.\"
\"@DavidBougs: @krauthammer Krauthammer sold some books, now \"His Pomposity\" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!\"
\"@mcgranejt:  @krauthammer @ChuckLane1 both fools ; out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@williamonlyrent:  @krauthammer Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump. #Trump2016\" Thank you.
\"@tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @Univision and @Macys #LETSDOTHISAMERICA
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” rfWcQ7wcjf
Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: \"Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim\" 4UcpdSS8qK
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time 4UcpdSS8qK
\"@greta just read  going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday\" That is correct. I look forward to it
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” lPGSlczakP
\"@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.\"
\"@CrystalPrebola  @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.\"
\"@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did\"
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones ; Self Defense” eLAVFVs6Zm
\"@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics  @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed\"
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
\"@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.\"
\"@KelliKM   stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.\"
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: \"Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech\" XU36opl7ZL
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals ; more!
We must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. A small business boom. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @limbaugh: “See, Trump Told You So” ATsX4mdcGl
“RUBIO’S GANG OF 8 BILL WOULD HAVE REWARDED SANCTUARY CITIES HARBORING ILLEGALS” on0rUCv4MG Marco is a politician-he flip flops!
MUST READ-\"It's time people listened to Trump,' says mother of gunned-down teenage football star\" 7hs5RN8Qb7 SECURE THE BORDER!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
\"@DanScavino Illegal Immigrant Deported 6 Times Charged in Felony Hit ; Run of Family.  is not wrong. #Trump2016\"
\"@lolabigirl  I'm not sure why people are mad  he really speaks the truth. Sir, I support you for #President.\"
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop ; fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
\"@hallmarkm1  is the only Presidential candidate that TRULY is fighting to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@bdean1: If I had a dollar for every time a politician lied, i'd be as rich as  I'm happy as hell he's running! #Trump2016\"
\"@Brainbow_Bite:  I AGREE WITH PAT BUCHANAN THAT YOU SIR ARE A MAN OF ACTION!\" Thank you!
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
\"@thegre8_1:  @SenTedCruz In addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to US\"
\"@CoachJMan: If the majority will bind together and support Trump we will reverse the downward spiral the US is on. J1FEV8eHg1\"
\"@ericbolling: The \"Establishment\" GOP out in force tonight trying to discredit  Congrats Donald you've got them nervous.
\"@Retrogirl01: @AP Mr. Trump is right! BUILD THE WALL! \"
\"@DavesBigWife:@Macys I have a Macy's store I used to love to shop at until they turned on Americans  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@fernandocarnal  @Macys not shopping there again!\"
\"@absabella  Mr.Trump speaks the TRUTH And Will NOT Back Down!! That's why he will be our next President!! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN\"
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
\"@tiffyluck:  God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC.\"
\"@Virginia4USA: @ArtistdeeDd @HowardKurtz  As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester ; crowd was energized ; hungering 4 real leadership.
\"@2big2bereal:  donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right\"
\"@LendonDonna:  BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support\"
\"@bdean1468:  DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident\"
\"@shoegoddesss:  Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!\"
\"@BabyPhatRox:  The huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush\"
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Flashback – Jeb Bush says  illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” p8yFzVuw8w He will never secure the border.
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see ; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
\"@futureicon:DonaldTrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people.\"
\"@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported  on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.\"
\"@pdxnancy: Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... BRwt2jWxsH via @thelastrefuge2~ I just signed up to support Mr. Trump
\"@thedemonking18: Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president\"
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
\"@GarettWadekempe: Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!\"
\"@eva_rider: Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. abD8GMDthl via @Newsmax_Media\"
\"@MichaellW56: @tedcruz Saw where you supported  on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow AM. Thank you.\" Thanks Ted!
\"@spankemewanke18: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #2016\"
\"@jackie4545890:  good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real\"
\"@NeBonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes  @MittRomney I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!\"
\"@futureicon: @GOP Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times
\"@PeritusTraining:  Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too lyenc4gXNx\"
\"@wizHether: DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!\"
\"@eastonelliott22:@_Tsac_ More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump;respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump
\"@mdavis22569: :  How is it possible @Macys is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?
\"@ReillyCarole:  .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it .\" Thank you!
\"@marita1j: Praying  continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!\"
\"@realmarkjackson:Trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts\"
\"@Karentalk:  @BreitbartNews America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. zFm0OOkkH0 God Bless America.\"
\"@catisbetter666:  I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama\"
\"@nolehace:  @DCnumerology @VeneziaMatthew #Trump #thedonald 3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes Americans\"
\"@BooBooBear4U2: #Trump keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL! KE614fyAPW\"
\"@bdean1468: @JebBush ; @marcorubio couldn't carry  's gym bags. #Trump2016\"
\"@judiejudyjudy: @Macys I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine
Via @BreitbartNews: \"GAME ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB\" whpR1m7FFz
\"@Darci51:  the blue! I don't care WHAT @nbc says or @Macys Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump! #trumpforpresident\"
\"@KMoriconi:  Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!\"
\"@DCnumerology:  @VeneziaMatthew TRUMP IS THE MAN\"
\"@TJeeyy: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpNation #TrumpForPresident  🇺🇸\"
\"@_Tsac_: I'm probably going to vote for  simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees.\"
\"@StephPrichard1: You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win.  you're my #1 choice #Trump2016 #ProudAmerican\"
\"@markg0077: @NeBonnie  But still, we put our trust in @MittRomney and he FAILED us.\"
\"@FrankieEMT_B:  You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!\"
\"@Nick_Da_Slick: #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \"
\"@mckee16365:  I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #Trump2016\"
\"@Lauren_Nann:  @BradSaidWhat STAND WITH TRUMP 2016\"
\"@VeneziaMatthew: Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!\"
\"@BradSaidWhat:  NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!\"
\"@nanaelaine7: I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN\" Thanks.
\"@zengadfly: .@VRWCTexan @JebBush @marcorubio  @gatewaypundit More than a few voters may #PlayTheTrumpCard! #backlash\"
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
\"@MikeG_Beats:  #Trump2016\"
\"@SharNeal: ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.
\"@airforce2100: @Macys This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals. vsdiL1Z6oZ\"
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
\"@mariclaire81: @justdoit377  @marcorubio I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio\"
\"@rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say \"ALL are criminals ; rapists\" .. #ProudAmerican#NoLying\"
\"@usclarry: Mr  is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense.\"
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@roparsons:  @foxandfriends It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!\"
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
\"@KingAmory: Cta driver just tweaked I'm voting for \"
\"@mikescintoshow: This is why we need  He tells it like it is! 4bxhrMDPNw\"
\"@mikescintoshow:  He says what others are too afraid to say; the truth!\"
\"@Reveretoo:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Absolutely. All the American people need is a leader to rise up #DonaldTrump\"
\"@omgnastygirl:  Make our country great again.. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT !\"
\"@RoniSeale:  The American people deserve a wall to protect our jobs, economy and our safety. I am the only candidate who would build it.\"
\"@KsRedbirds13:  for president. No better candidate than Mr Trump. Z3ICtUXDh2\"  Thank you.
\"@myGianLuca:  @CNNPolitics @teddyschleifer Say it LOUD ; PROUD ! *** ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION *** Is an Attack on Our Country!\"
\"@funtravel777: @RoniSeale @usplaymoney  @marcorubio Donald Trump can't be bought, bullied, or intimidated. He is a strong leader.\"
\"@CNNPolitics: Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration aiBnAOhYup (via @TeddySchleifer)\"
Via @CNNPolitics by @teddyschleifer: \"Trump: San Francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration\" WJ872PRCO5
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me ; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
\"@bzocash:  that speech was inspiring Trump I'm with you\"
\"@BonnieKit: Thank you America Ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from Mexico. One more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken\"
\"@_fly_on_wall_: sucks when  says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us\"
Where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border amaV7tqgAR We need a wall!
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Our Southern border is unsecure. I am the only one that can fix it, nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. ujz3jENIYo
Our Southern border is totally out of control. This is an absolutely disgraceful. situation.ujz3jENIYo We need border security!
Via @NRO by @JOELMENTUM: “Matchless Name Recognition and Deep Pockets Make Trump a Threat in Iowa” Wg3eBcDypo
We need jobs ; we need them fast. I am a job creator. None of the pols can or will. Let's Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @DailyCaller by @rpollockDC: “NYC Mayor Action Against Donald Trump Is ‘Not the American Way’” SnV1yXVs4P
\"A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation.\" - President Ronald Reagan
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
\"@BigGstory:  is not a politician, he's the leader that America needs\"
\"@davidrwoods:  is 100% correct! You have so far made the most sacrifice! Thankfully.\"
\"@jazztheelf:  you're the only reason I'm registering to vote ; first president I'm donating to!! 🇺🇸\" Thanks.
\"@PizzaPartyBen:  thank you for standing up for America let's make this country great again!\"
\"@seanbarakett:  id rather have a businessman in the White House than a politician. You’ve got my vote\"
\"@james_artherton:  full respect from a British guy. I wish I could vote for you! Trump for president!\"
\"@kobuck12:  Donald Trump runs to help America become great again. You know he's not doing it to enrich himself like Clinton
\"@Iceman0921: I support  and I as well will no longer give my business to @Macys . #Trump2016\"  Great!
\"@JUSTTHETRUTHTV: @WFinchner  @Macys So? How does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?\"
\"@frankdimauro:  Keep speaking the truth. The media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #Trump2016\"
\"@bperez733:  @Numerologynow Yes In Deed!! #TrumpforTriumph\"
\"@KingRollinZonez:  never voted but your getting my vote\"
\"@babyylissa: Obama calls immigrants gang bangers;criminals but Trump gets attacked for calling SOME illegals from SOME countries bad people
\"@Numerologynow: In my 37 years of Life U are the 1st person I have Ever Supported Running 4 the White house U WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
\"@Spen_A_John:  @TheguhMantap hey you're the man Trump. Fight the fight\"
\"@TheguhMantap:  you are next President USA\" Make America Great Again!
\"@Non_PC_Guy:  @HoustonGunn @Macys In Chicago we're still mourning loss of once great Marshall Fields, to mediocre Macys. Screw Macys!\"
\"@2014_vince:  only our Donald will save Christianity..Christ bless our land\"
\"@jharwood14: If Reagan, a Hollywood actor, was president, then your chances are strong. It sure would be nice to have an \"honest\" POTUS.\"
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
\"@yeswecandeport:  @Macys I am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him.\"
\"@HoustonGunn: My Grandma from #Seattle and Mom in #Nashville just said they won't shop at @Macys again. 
\"@TheUSALifeStyle: @AnnCoulter TO #MakeAmericaGreatAgain VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP. #Trump2016 #Eleccion2015 #USA #GOP  KMDUXI1IDJ\"
\"@DHarley187: @vdare @claramarks @AnnCoulter  you tell em trump! Trump speaks the truth\"
\"@PatrickJLavin:  @GroverWindham @Highlander6700 @Macys Donald Trump for President 2016! America, let your voices be heard.\"
\"@MellysModern: So ready for  to do this! Keep it up, you've got 'em scared!\"
\"@jeanne_mazzotta: @Macys  shame on you Macy's. Whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard\"
\"@SaveAmerica15: @MrBiggles12345  @tonyarolandtr @Youxia88 @tedcruz @Macys Trump just might be the savior of America! Better than Reagan!\"
\"@michell33841372: Donald keep speaking the truth! The media has printed your words out of context. You will make America great again!\"
\"@GroverWindham:  @Highlander6700 @Macys #obama called them gangbanger ; criminals\"
\"@PerryJames778:  @Highlander6700 @Macys The media Loves to twist words, and so do the politicians.  will set it straight!\"
\"@clew136:DonaldTrump your charisma, confidence, leadership, and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #Trump2016\"
\"@tonyarolandtr: @Youxia88 @tedcruz  @Macys The American ppl are taking a stand! We are fighting back!!!\"
\"@MARGIE352: @Highlander6700 @Macys They were taken out of context. Trying to make him look bad to the American Hispanic community.\"
\"@Highlander6700:  @Macys: Seems 1 or 2 lines of Mr. Trump's comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context
\"@chipman88  @DavidDCarpenter @lafrana @Macys I didn't know Macy's was still in business. Oh well, still not going there.\"
It is time to bring competence to Washington. It is time get results. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI6aIvG
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak ; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
\"@LepleyAmanda  @DagnyRed @Karentalk @ForAmerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA @JulUSN @Macys Donald, I love your ties. Just set up a website online ; millions of us will continue to buy your products.\"
\"@rebamoreland you must be doing something right, cause the left has circled the war wagons. Stay strong in your convictions, WE LOVE IT!!\"
\"@KosloffM  I really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean\" Thx
A country must enforce its borders. Respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core. We must build a wall! u25yI5T7E8
New orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months  RD1blUZyRn Time for fair trade. Stop TPP!
Via @RedState by @EWErickson: “Always Play On Offense” mF3OjUMjp3
New jobs report: 432,000 left workforce, manufacturing ; durable goods go - RD1blUZyRn We need leaders who understand business.
“TRUMP DECLARES VICTORY ON IMMIGRATION AS OBAMA ADMITS SOME ILLEGALS ARE ‘GANG BANGERS’” e0HLxf1dS2 via @BreitbartNews @ASwoyer
\"@NeilECollins  @Macys  only interested in sales and could care less about America. Veterans and Military will be with Trump.\"
\"@RunPureMichigan  Macy's stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with  and public #BoycottMacys\"
Great article by @RichLowry on @POLITICOMag : “Sorry, Donald Trump Has A Point” 5irmxJjPWk
\"@Neilleon_  sir! Thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues.\"
\"@mstrbass2000 @DashMan18 @AppSame  taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech, nothing trump said wasn't true\"
\"@onesoldiersmom @ArtNGonzalez @earredondo If you would listen to his words, you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians.\"
Via Huffington Post \"Congrats, America! Donald Trump Is Now A 2016 Presidential Front-runner\" X1YYz7x002 by Igor Bobic
Via World Tribune \"The elites' problem with Donald Trump: He's not for sale\" by Jeffrey T. Kuhner ez08iprQH1
Via @trscoop: “Mark Levin DEFENDS Trump: Hillary Clinton is a CROOK and a FRAUD and she’s not treated this way!” MdU0pvTThi
\"@RealNinjetta @ErinSiegal @AppSame @Univision QNOuFlufaS  My many MEXICAN friends fly to visit Mexico because UNSAFE border\"
“NBC FIRES TRUMP, KEEPS SHARPTON: The bigots of the NBC executive suite look the other way” EfQk8cbbTR via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1
“Trump Gives 'Em Hell” dD53I0PeXw via @limbaugh
\"@racheljoycowley I'm done with Macy's. Apparently, they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every American freedom. Done!\"
\"@lafrana  @Macys  I will not shop at Macy's. I am with you Mr Trump!\"
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
\"@AnnCoulter: Yes, strange that Trump is surging in the polls for saying what other GOPS too stupid to say. fgmgLjQAeE\"
\"@BettyeBear:  Every working class (every color) knows Trump ; wants to be rich like him - faces light up😎😍  @macys\"
\"@JimStaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz  Watch what he said, yes maybe a bit kinder, but a fact is a fact.\"
\"@DagnyRed: @Karentalk @ForAmerica  ⬅️ I'm Latina/ Legal ; fully support you speaking the TRUTH! Don't back down!\"
\"@TickerCandy:  @Macys Ah yes, so many people I know are cancelling their Macy credit cards. #YouJustGotTrumped\" Great.
\"@muireb_tpnd:  You have Lib media scrambling..I just freak'n love that! Thank you for your leadership and patriotism!\"
\"@Sheriapple:  Thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. U speak the truth.
\"@TeresaWageman:  @Macys Stick to your guns Mr. Trump. You are telling the truth that too many are afraid to.\"
\"@soupman227: @Karentalk @ForAmerica  #WakeUpAmerica the media has shown its true colors.
\"@JulUSN:   They look bad. @Macys screwed up BigTime!They are so hypocritical,YOUR Right ; they know it!\"
\"@ibleedcoffee: Just deleted the @Macys app off my phone. It's a shame, We used to spend thousands there a year. No more. #BoycottMacys\"
\"@JimStaricha: Mr. Trump, I truly hope you are elected. I strongly believe you have more than the skills required. We need a professional.\"
\"@JewNamedLew:  @Macys to pay $650,000 settlement over racial profiling... bT6S8F9NnK\"  Boycott Macy's.
\"@ftimewifenmomma: I am really liking . We NEED someone who will tell the TRUTH. 👍\"
\"@David_A_Hurd:  Fight the good fight Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP! You are the only one fighting for America! #Trump2016\"
\"@ehShaun:  knows what he's talking about. Please don't give us another Bush as president.\"
\"@JohnRiversToo:  @instapundit Macy's sales are declining, their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of America.\"
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- OcKfUFgSPU
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. J9bsbc1WEN
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
\"@phxladydi   I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cower\nto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.\"
\"@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the  we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.\"
.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting ; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security ; stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration ;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders ; stop illegal immigration now!… HLCboRmTbl
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
Via @THESHARKTANK1: \"Donald Trump's Controversial Mexican Comments Are Accurate\" nYL2QQMwKZ
My just filed lawsuit against Univision. Always fight back when right. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ies96YzSeG
\"@webster07  wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. It's only way 2 defeat political correctness\"
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
@tedcruz, now I know you're smart! See you soon. vzVHbA1TAr\n#TCOT #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
\"@woofeous  Everyone loves Donald because he'll tell it like it is without any political \"sugar-coating\" ; double-speak.\"
\"@yankeeworshiper  thank you to Donald Trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the B.S.and lies for Hillary and Barack.\"
\"@melsthemom  NBC=censorship. I'm done with them\"
\"@Figlo7  Apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven't learned to LIE yet. Go Donald!\"
Thank you Ted. MVUzSAn6ru
\"@WILDMANBS It says a lot about @NBC when they fire  but keep Brian Williams and @TheRevAl on the payroll. #tcot\"
\"@kingjersey1  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain they can't stand that you are speaking for the American people\"
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
\"@Einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @GeraldoRivera  LOVE the TRUMP!\"
\"@KristenCWard: Great statement and it's finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say!  #GotMyVote qsi68qgat4\"
\"@ChipB: Like him or not  says EXACTLY what he thinks and doesn't beat around the bush. And that's admirable. #Election2016\"
\"@echump: @megynkelly   if what everyone says is true Trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i'd trust Trump\"
\"@C_Archaeology:  is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot\"
\"@MARGIE352: Listen to what he says. You will know in your heart it is the truth. We are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it.\"
\"@RickysPlace1:  @slucch24 @AnnCoulter It is so blatantly obvious! Why do people refuse to see it?\"
\"@Knight276:  @amstaffbru I have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. Trump can make America great again!
\"@KristyWillams79:  I've waited years for you to run for president! You are going to fix America! We Need a businessman.
\"@TheHolyBreadcat:  Vote for Trump, he's making America to where we won't worry about illegal immigrant problems.\"
\"@susanadana432: lDonaldTrump @amstaffbru Keep telling it lIke it is. You have the recipe for making the USA great again. You have my vote
\"@jacobmathews:  @jamalwms45 @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly I like Donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude.
\"@slucch24:  @AnnCoulter don't worry... we clearly don't have an illegal alien criminal problem. #AdiosAmerica 2LKr8zoSwy\"
\"@jamalwms45: @HowardKurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly For the remark Trump made on dumping NBC, I'll vote for \"
\"@amstaffbru: Pull out the heavy artillery, buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. You,Mt.T, have my Vote hands down\"
\"@MARGIE352:  I believe Donald Trump is the only one that can do this. He has no skin in the game. Just his Country.
\"@ghostofnicky: @OutFrontCNN @CNN  Donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!!\"
\"@imprimis310: @NBC is the bigot.  and @SenTedCruz only speaking the truth about ILLEGAL immigrants\"
Statement on Relationship with NBC- BpczGaIGWq
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!… 7SKav05hnA
Via @JNSworldnews by @JacobKamarasJNS:  \"Donald Trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to Israel\"\nO4yHtwCzbm
\"@JoylynBest: @Maryannzfoster @Morning_Joe  🌍 Don't care about #GOP or Trump but he's the best #GOP running and should win the Primary🌍\"
Remember, Univision apologized!
\"@BrittainShannon:  @AlWaleedbinT Or at least give it back in oil\"
\"@MalachiNorris: Just over a year before everyone hears DonaldTrump say \"I Donald Trump do solemnly swear that I will protect America\"\"
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
\"@hollyammon:  @MalachiNorris Mr. Trump is the ONLY one who tells the truth, no matter how politically unpopular it may be.
\"@MollyCBS2:   will speak @ #Chicago city club today; Reports claim 2,000 people are on the WAITING LIST to get in!\"
\"@jjhrkel:  don't ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!!\" I promise!
\"@MalachiNorris: I know  will be the best President that ever has or ever will walk into the Oval Office. #Trump2016
\"@agirland3boys: @icenycbx  @POTUS disagree a leader takes a stand. Putin would be scared of him. Peace through strength\"
\"@MalachiNorris: I sure don't trust any other politicians running to be President except  #MakeAmericaGreatAgainThroughTrump
\"@KevinGalyon:  i support donald trump for president. He is a great leader\" Thank you.
\"@KEEMSTARx: Wait Mhndz,  you have 5 mins to prove to me that  \" doesn't support the latinos \" if u do i'll paypal u $1k.\"
\"@KEEMSTARx: Mexican criminals coming into USA? YES Did Trump say we need to stop them? YES Did he say Mexicans are good? YES Racism? NO\"
\"@Jaguar11d:  Have a great time in Chicago today. You are the best person for the job\"
\"@DynamyteBeats:  is the only choice for 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thank you.
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
\"@RSan: Donald Trump's Polling Looks too Good to Be True.
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Via @thehill by @martinmatishak: “Trump: ‘We look like we’re beggars’ in Iran nuclear talks” z8RpCnuGN1
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
\"@TadBoikins: @dabeard  He's firing up the GOP base. #crushingit\"
\"@Knight276:  @HCannonball not being a career politician is an asset. I'm on board trump can make America great again.
\"@itsEmilyshine:  would be the best president 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 #DonaldTrumpforPresident\"
\"@incorrectpoliti: Oh My are they starting to WAKE UP. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We must save America ELECT 
\"@tonyschiano: Unlike #Obama....he can think outside the box! #Trump2016 ~ @usplaymoney  @beny_benson\"
\"@HCannonball: Everybody get on the Trump Train!! It's a First Class One-Way ticket to the White House with  #Trump2016\"
\"@usplaymoney: DonaldTrump @beny_benson He would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. Wont be bought like politicians either\"
\"@Samstwitch: Bill O'Reilly's interview with Trump:Q;A over what Trump would do as President!Definitely has my vote! tDGDGUJLs2
\"@DattiJulia:  I did not like you before but watching your interview on CNN, you are the man.\"
\"@trapman2000: RT @Deaf_Dwayne:  Thanks for not being politically correct! America needs the truth.
\"@WGinetta: @CNNSotu THE  ; @BernieSanders ARE DOING WELL CUZ THE PPL R DISGUSTED WITH #CORRUPT POLITICIANS
\"@FreedomHaawk:  Don't let them try to school you, or try to rearrange you, you have a mind of your own.STAY SHARP.\" I will!
\"@JasonKoster17: In  we trust.. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@mjh811:  @oates_tom You are the only one with guts. We need that!! Have my vote!\"  Great.
\"@NYCStadsliv:  @StephPrichard1 You have my vote Mr. Trump, give 'em hell.  I will.
\"@jamesgo31991021:  @johnmarzan @RubenNavarrette Donald trump is the man\" Thanks.
\"@oates_tom:  congrats on running! You tell it like it is.....which is rare.\"
\"@davidco71875026:  @GovtsTheProblem You say what the working people are thinking. Proud to support you. Don't back down !\"
\"@StephPrichard1:   GOP: Trump's Fearless War with Univision Only Increases His Appeal - Breitbart oJnV2OXcEc\"
\"@bucwaas:  please get elected! Be the next Reagan! You can do it!\" Thanks!
\"@GZervs:  is Americas only chance. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@johnmarzan: @RubenNavarrette Trump is right. Giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the GOP and turn dems into dominant party\"
\"@DeanDesign101: Why not ? He knows how to create wealth, jobs and is not a wimp. #DonaldTrump #foxandfriends\"
\"@joseangelSP500:  Trump for President! TRUMP2016!\"
\"@GovtsTheProblem: The appeal of Donald Trump to people is that he's a fighter, not a Republican surrender monkey.\"
\"@rtoneff25:  just kicked ass on Fox News. Guy is a winner\"  Thank you!
\"@incorrectpoliti: Establishment Government, Media, and Hollywood are killing America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! 
Addressing record crowd @ Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to DC ; Make America Great Again! mI7j7XDzOY
Must read article via @fitsnews: \"DONALD TRUMP VERSUS MEXICO\" tdjtvtB6NB
A great article by @NolteNC\nspelling out the truth on Mexico, trade, the border ; illegals. Thank you @BreitbartNews oJnV2OXcEc
\"@TheReaLJuiCe88: I'm working real hard Mr Trump getting you votes in Boston/Rhode island area! #IBelieve #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@Chris_D2:  go get em!! How does it feel to be the \"next\" POTUS? #Trump2016\" Thanks for the spirit!
\"@tonyewen: @ReaganWorld  is the real deal! When was the last time we had someone with true conviction for US?
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with \"Trump\" - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
\"@RobRucker: \"The greatest social program is a job\" -Donald Trump\"
\"@Bass705:  Thank you Mr.Trump for standing up for America\" My great honor!
Letter to @Univision - Re: @TrumpDoral 6mauCmg6uO
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation ; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
\"@JWCesare   I appreciate  and his straight talk.  Our country needs this.\"
\"@nanaelaine7  only YOU can make it GREAT again. Your plan is the only one inside reality. MAKE AMERICA GREAT with TRUMP\"
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
\"@gneumann_wkow: New national 2016 GOP poll from @FoxNews - @JebBush leads field,  second.  qRW1iWucRu\"
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
\"@Mitestarossa: Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President\" I agree!
\"@_GOLD4MONEY: @ThePatriot143   Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident\"
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
\"@nickcokley:  my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.
\"@TaraHollyFigure:  we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@DanielaMarino: @FoxNews enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one\"
\"@MunichEleven: Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for  in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!\"
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why \"Trump\" poll numbers are high.
Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
\"@_laurenharding:  not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016\"  Cute.
\"@adeeasthope:  I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016\" Great.
\"@LionsTrinityCap:  UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
\"@MarkAGiarrusso:  Go get 'em Donald.\"
\"@barbgee68:  Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?\"  NO!
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. Xm4BJvetIa
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal ; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you.  H8ZxLh6NCd
\"@tryeye  Very strong start, Mr. President!\" Thanks.
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs ; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- TzuXN715fQ
Via @fitsnews:“Donald Trump Surges In New Hampshire Poll: MOGUL, REALITY STAR EMERGES AS GRANITE STATE’S ‘ANTI-BUSH’ TqFBtG9PHc
\"@kolbytraveller #Trump is more than just talk. I hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #Trump2016\"
My @gretawire interview on @FoxNewsInsider “Trump: 'Last Person I'd Want Negotiating for Me Is Obama'” DCIhNlGmdT
\"@Stevenfclifford  thank you for running. You have my vote and I'm spreading the word. We need you there to fix this mess.\"
Via @WSJPolitics by @reidepstein: “Trump Surges in Popularity in N.H.” Iw6O3qhquR
\"@CWilliams_Rltr .  I am so happy you are running for President. You have my vote.\"
\"@WordgirlSmith  Please keep telling all of America that jobs, jobs, jobs are important to us because YOU ARE RIGHT!!!\"
\"@williamonlyrent So sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. It will be so great to have #Trump2016 say it like it is!\"
\"@_bri: This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country! #Trump2016\"
\"@WGinetta: WE ARE GONNA NEED  IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBAMA SAID HE NEGOTIATED #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" True.
\"@MeaganShamy: .@ScottFordTVGuy @BrandenHarvey I was at @TrumpLasVegas when  announced president bid. He's got my vote.
“Donald trump files statement of candidacy” uiMCfHmtMU via @CBSNews
Via @bpolitics by @emtitus: ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official” Cjz7p3hFPX
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain DB4q4J2gKn
\"@troubic  I'm definitely voting for  I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!\"
\"@luckydoginwesty:  @FL_GIRL979 I'll be voting for Mr. Trump\"
\"@MalachiNorris: Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream.\"
True. wjffOyAxZM
\"@nojoed:  @KarlRove Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time.\" True.
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 R2bpNbRQRX  Guess who was POTUS then?
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain WASlyxbG1j
It's time for government to stop picking winners ; losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream! u25yI5T7E8
\"@AbishurPrakash  My latest piece on  winning the foreign policy race. #Trump2016 vzLZgJOEQC …\"
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
\"Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers\" e16f6FM8uQ
\"@carsonbonner  A businessman that understands the world's business/politics. #Trump2016\"
\"@SovAdjEast  The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn.\"
Thank you. l4g1VmXsCn
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
\"@williamonlyrent  Only a fool will underestimate #Trump2016. Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him.\"
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
\"@cota2012:  @hyannis1952 @FoxNews it's amazing how people fear a change for the better\"
\"@Jessyandcandy: Trump,  you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016\"
\"@JakeAwK: Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.
\"@sallyvp:  Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA.\"
\"@IsaacNewYorker: I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be #Trump16\"
\"@lauralynn1955:  - @oreillyfactor loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced.\" Bill O is great.
\"@kirkcameronfan:  @FoxNews Because they're AFRAID of you! #Trump2016 #American\"
\"@Alaskan_Gypsy:  @FoxNews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!
\"@pbstwo:  @hyannis1952 @FoxNews The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic.\" True.
\"@IsaacNewYorker: Finally somebody with real intelligence ; leadership is runnig for president Mr . #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@joncford:  @TeamBobbyEwing @FoxNews @KarlRove I'm just about done with Fox news!\"
\"@bdckool: I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #Trump2016\"
\"@JPJAC:  @FoxNews Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???\"  Good question!
\"@hyannis1952:  @FoxNews Believe they are worried you may win!
\"@shawncrazyshawn: I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up ; see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!\"
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
\"@TeamBobbyEwing:  @foxnews @karlrove I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the #2A! That will not solve the problem, IMO!\"
\"@MrBrentAllen:  @KarlRove @FoxNews I watched the @KarlRove interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!\"
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
\"@Auburnfan2155:  @KarlRove Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it.\" True!
\"@fackinpeter:  @KarlRove theyre all jealous of your success #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\" Thanks.
\"@JakeKonczyk:  @KarlRove The best candidate! #GotMyVote #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
\"@utwey:  @KarlRove can't wait for debates! DT will crush them\" Could happen!
\"@CandyThomas3583:  I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊\"
\"@BK00023: Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president KXJPyRPK67  #greta @ThisWeekABC\" Thank you, so true
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Via @BreitbartNews by @ASwoyer: \"Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs\"\nkE5pjagvtq
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father. SdrRctSxhu
Via @nypost by @JonathonTrugman: \"Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president\" mDKEOW9vrf
\"@nytimes: If you’re a betting man, it’s time to start believing Donald Trump YGeFcDz6Vo\"
\"@I_Dont_Know_Her:  you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win\" Thanks.
\"@NishantAgg23: Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump\"
\"@sugarhoney157:  He really is a great business man and gets the job done right.\" So true!
\"@Riggs101: Carl Icahn: Donald Trump Is Completely Correct That \"We Are In A Bubble Like You've Never Seen Before\"
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
\"@SenzuLean: America should be so lucky to have  even consider leading our nation\" Thank you.
\"@BreitbartVideo: .@AnnCoulter: Trump Has Best Shot in General Election Vf6c5kvrcn via @IanHanchett GOQTWZhjAM\"
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
\"@njoh1234:  Trump speech is on C-span right now...f.y.i.\"
\"@Tea_Alliance:  @bobbybnews The establishment fears Trump!\" They are afraid to make America great again.
\"@andrewwagner29: Its pretty clear that  would absolutely destroy HillaryClinton in a debate ; i really wanna see it happen.
\"@bobbybnews: The only person running for President that will not betray America  for money is Donald Trump. Fox is cutting him down=Reagan!
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
\"@stevenkirk  @PatrickBuchanan great article .. At least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!\"
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Via @WashTimes by @CharlesHurt: \"Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”\n  IonH0WEDEs
Out of hundreds of deals ; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals ; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective ; commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog kgmQ2jVF6b
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- ; we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring ; often wrong—a total dope!
\"@llambert0207 I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman #power #donaldtrump\"
\"@theHickMan33 Let's get the Trump trending #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheDonIsComing #TrumpCard #Vets4Trump\"
\"@williamonlyrent  Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #Trump2016\"
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
\"@SMW5683:  Donald trump will do this country  good! He is a businessman ; will know how to grow our economy\"
\"@ChaddRyann: Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #Trump2016\"
\"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!\"
\"@hollyammon:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation.\"  So true.
\"@HolySelena:  You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!\"
\"@elizwatkins:  So how many more days until you are in office? #PresidentTrump #Letstalkbusiness\"
\"@hufseyg: I've waited to vote for  since I was little. I can't wait for 2016\"
\"@CliffShep:  You've got my vote!!\"
\"@MrInsaf:  @AndyBran @JoeNBC @keichri I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people\"
\"@AndyBran: @JoeNBC  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - bzYPJ5bWSo”\"
\"@megliq: Ive been saying \"Donald trump for preZ\" since 2nd grade.I AM YOUR BIGGEST FAN LOOK I MET U  LrJujtXbFJ
\"@JustinBorges1 Trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. About time someone who isn't afraid to say/do what's necessary took the reigns\"
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia, 360 beautiful acres as designed by Tom Fazio with views of the Philly skyline.  jha0m0W4Kk
Watch my appearance on @Morning_Joe - great interview! ZVftDka774
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower, Chicago, has received accolades for design, service ; our signature restaurant, \"Sixteen\" 4oJj9nQnUH
Thank you. cTB9G0sAl0
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN HfdDwzjOf0
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain qTMiYoR9wu
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Y5Wq9LuCT0
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune ; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you ; your great family SQ6LsNZ6UC
\"@Gabigayle @FoxNews  He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!\"
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- gonTk0o9Dt
Thanks Eric. phUbaTvq8d
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain JguVmqXqWA
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ct0lNu7kz0
LIVE on #Periscope: Major announcement! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain XW3PqHemNq
Thanks Geraldo, you're a champion. APfc0PThCP
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 445bOdp6QY
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
In one hour I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope! kYOHIpBzan
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@AppSame We are going to listen  If you are really running ; if you keep to your word You really have a great chance to win
Thanks. eZfgrOy1Hn
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
\"@jaketapper: DonaldTrump in Iowa says \"I have a Gucci store that's worth more money than Romney\" Fact check: true xvDVHmntvR\"
\"@DavidSBaldwin:  today's the day #Trump2016! Good luck!\"
\"@Desheay:  Your twitter banner is awesome. Cant wait for tomorrow.....TRUMP 2016..\"
\"@premuse:  Let's take this country back. #TrumpLeeds2016\"
\"@Jarod_Pitmon10: I am a full supporter of #Trump2016  is a guy that will help this country\"
\"@NickyFlash2: #Trump4President #Trump2016 \"
\"@Rhumeey: I really would want to see what America would look like...with  at the helm of affairs. zfvJpyjVoH\"
\"@rg_radical99: Counting down the hours to  announcement! Ready for America to become great again. Supporting you Mr. Trump.
\"@_Snurk:  Love it! Always respect FIGHTERS over overrated loser POLITITIANS!! Inspire GREATNESS! #TRUMP #2016\"
\"@Knight276:  @realJoeMurray America can be great again with trump at the helm. Confidence counts.\"
\"@isabelsimon80:  @brentcfritz Donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. 👍People like him...NO MORE POLITICIAN'S...\"
\"@PianoBecca:  No Amercian, really, can impact such staggering influence. Stay True! Great and savvy bizman! America: GREAT!
\"@DONJUBBER:  Shock the world!#Trump4President\"
\"@insuraider:  is going to make Hillary's head spin tomorrow morning. Presidential Debate? Yes, please. #Trump2016\"
\"@brentcfritz: Today is the day America becomes great again.  has some huge news that will shock the world #Trump4President\"
\"@realJoeMurray: Hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make America great again! Looking forward to it, . #Trump2016
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them. sbUVyBG6KE
Great! U7G3tR4nFS
Thanks.  feCMQ53SwE
\"@DurandSentinus @JebBush may get headlines today, but  will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow\"
Will do, thanks.  5Zc3D8YLNs
Great! 8O3eTKjZrd
Thanks.  qh8TxiZPlX
LIVE on #Periscope H8lRtZBGEb
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pDMndTOVvc
\"@Subdoc101:Trump said on @foxandfriends today PPL are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #POTUS. The answer is #TRUMPCARES
\"@LooneyTunes002: Politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. They are all talk. #SimpleTruth #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@ZStr8Up: After the liberal 60's and 70's how did we end up with Reagan? Hollywood. The Donald may have a serious chance. \"
\"@fyrftr211:  #Trump2016. Time for a true leader to lead our great country!\"
\"@MediciMario:  Pls run u would be great!\"
\"@FuturisticHub:  I'd vote twice for you if I could. Actually I can! On your SECOND Term as President! Go get em' Mr. Trump!
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@justrelaxfornow: As a nation yearns for justice and equality, that nation hopes Donald Trump will run for President. June 16, 2015.\"
\"@MikeLongoNYC:  Happy Birthday! Can't wait for the announcement on Tuesday, I'll be there!\"
\"@Knight276: Being a great president requires great negotiating skills. Trump, a master negotiator, can make America great again.\" True!
\"@angiecallahan4:  We need to PRAY to God for this to happen. God please make America great again. Amen!\"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@_Snurk:  YOU ARE THE MAN! You are the ONLY one of Substance! U r REAL DEAL never Bull or Hot air #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain!\"
\"@VeryOddDog:  TRUMP TRUMP - YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE AMERICA NEEDS RIGHT NOW THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN SAVE AMERCIA GOD BLESS U SIR\"
\"@mirrorgrrl: Truly Great men come along only once a genration. DonaldTrump Is That Man. Has it all- gentle wisdom,fierce biz savvy,IQ. Wow!
\"@NPHBalanced:  has DEPTH, stammina, Man of the World, briliant negotiater, ; NOT BEING POLITITIAN he has POWER.
\"@TimWByrd: DonaldTrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president I know your the only one who could get America out of debt
\"@purpleheartwife:  you have some military caregivers in FL ready to back you! @sherrimarie73\" Thanks, call Corey.
\"@DoomsdayFAN: Please run! I'm with you till the end! Everyone who wants to #MakeAmericanGreatAgain is! Vote for Trump/2016! God bless.\"
\"@DareMagic: Lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! The only person to do that is DonaldTrump #Trump2016
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists ; donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
\"@hogan211:  I have had it with career politicians.. You will have my vote Mr. Trump!!! Nobody owns you!\"
\"@JRMcClaren: @ToryIreland  is GOP’s best chance to win in Nov. 2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@JRMcClaren:  @purpleheartwife Had it with politicians. They never solve problems, just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist. #Trump2016\"
\"@purpleheartwife:  I'll volunteer to help your campaign in FL.\" Thanks.
\"@ToryIreland:  ONLY #TRUMP2016 has what it takes to STOP Hillary Rodham Clinton! StopHillary #NoBama I9HHjCp1OI
\"@woodrowwinters  pumped for Tuesday. The road to getting American back starts next week.\" Thanks.
Thank you. smmV2DM1sq
\"@JRooneyIII   The Country needs you now more than ever.  You will be the one to bring the respect back.  #Trump2016\"  Thx.
Thank you. VsKy1KD3dY
Should not pass--bad deal! AR4Ugjru9t
Thanks. R1YuKaA8B8
Thank you. EUpOjm2WvT
True! KBA4S0xlrv
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
\"@phate71   It’s time to make America great again. Let’s do this! #TRUMP2016\"
Looking for Father's Day gift? @Miamimagazine named the spa @TrumpDoral one of the best places for men to relax kvQ5Z29BW7
\"@EKSpindler  @bellaxbionda go get em Donald! Enough with the PC crap. Tell it like it is and actually fix problems.\"
Thank you. gMaAhxP2yb
Thanks. u4j2avDT65
Thank you.  xKLoLR7wXh
Thank you. fOan05rD1P
There is. nCOUYoClDN
\"@Scott__Marx  Can't wait to hear  run for president and fix our country! #TRUMP2016\"
Thanks ; I won't let you down.  i6SFQgtxYl
Thanks.  tfBCPYAmLC
Great, thanks. hr70LTvw4y
Thank you. b49iaYvTYz
Video: Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point @TrumpFerryPoint  KWu2BtJ8WL
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for winning the 2015 Traveler's Choice Award from @TripAdvisor emL8GvIPln
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of \"Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.\" dk2mAA5PU7
\"@RealTerryPatton:  @JenCromartie Do it Mr. Trump, we are screwed if you don't.\"  I agree!
\"@DillonConrad0: If  ran for president in 2016, I'd be one happy camper\"
\"@bella270012:  @JenCromartie Waiting on that 6/16 announcement. Please don't disappoint me..... ☺\" Stay tuned.
\"@Ipatriotmedia: Texans do not support RINOs We damn sure don't support #JebBush2016 Texans want leadership We want .
\"@MarcoPoloMacon:  what are you waiting for? We are waiting for you to make America great again. Please run!\"  June 16th.
\"@JenCromartie:  needs to run for president #Election2016 #DonaldTrump\"
\"@Chris_R_2014:  @TheUSALifeStyle @GOP Trump all the way!\"
\"@TheUSALifeStyle: @GOP #DonaldTrump #Election2016 (it will happen) GOP MUST SUPPORT Donald Trump #GOP #Politics CdqPiUedqs\"
\"@erikwill:  @CrainsChicago @TrumpChicago I appreciate the consistent focus on quality across Trump brands.\"
\"@DonaldJTrumpJr: A pic with  from a long time ago #throwbackthursday qIkziSJcMm\"  A wonderful son!
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Our @TrumpNewYork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @TandCmag: YM8JQagPBq
\"@MatthewLadzik \"The golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules\"  great read #MidasTouch #ThankYou\"
Thank you @CrainsChicago for featuring @TrumpChicago in your list of \"Best Private Dining Rooms in Chicago.\" dk2mAA5PU7
Thank you. iLMv2vOez7
\"@GaryWhalenTV A pleasure to film at the beautiful @TrumpScotland links course ; club house. Thanks to  ; @DonaldJTrumpJr..\"
Via Hardball with Chris Matthews   05E6lQO9NL
\"@hugshenderson  @GolfMonthly  he's a legend. Does so much good for Scottish golf\" Thanks.
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” lEWIE55RMO
\"Dee Dee Sorvino @deedeegop I am betting on Trump\"
\"@Liberty4UanMe @LadyPatriot777 @rushlimbaugh  got to do something though! Too many times they lied to us. For some reason, I trust Trump\"
Via the New York Times IHwSRd0hXm
\"@LadyPatriot777  I think he's worth a VERY serious look. He speaks BOLDLY, like Reagan, and is/was a big fan of Reagan!\"
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Poll: Trump Surges Among GOP Hopefuls in NH” dJh9TeL6TT
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower New York, includes Central Park views ; our signature restaurant, Jean Georges. Perfection! yeFArpJy8H
Trump Turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time. BVsLbZTA46
Via @GravisMarketing: “New Hampshire Poll: Trump into top-tier status” 4Mtfx9J044
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again! gdRpkRwySd
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles offers 18 holes fronting the Pacific Ocean on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. Gktsmo70Jc
\"@SEETEK_AU: Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.― Donald Trump
\"@cevazzulia: You have to think anyway, so why not think big? Donald Trump.\" So true!
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland ; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
\"@realtysteve: Mr. Trump, I have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life, and you would be a great prez!\"
\"@JeffJeffsc777: Mr Trump can speak, the difference, he's actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he's had to finance on his own!\"
\"@Abraham: My only regret is that there isn't 3 DonaldTrump's so my daughters could marry the smartest, most handsome man in the world! Cute
\"@AbrahamL1nx: ISIS would already be on ice if  was the president. We need you, sir. #MyManTrump2016\"
\"@NEO_SALAMANDER:  You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top\"
\"@JeffJeffsc777:  Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!\"
\"@JeffJeffsc777:The Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results\"
\"@c_shepler:  @newsobserver @RaleighReporter Great news!\"
\"@JeffJeffsc777:I believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins\"
Via @newsobserver by @RaleighReporter: \"In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid\" 5dt2G7haSy
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, \"We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!\"
Just said at #NCGOPCon that \"I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office.\"
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that \"we have to protect our border ; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!\"
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  \"People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at #NCGOPcon that \"politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!\"
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said \"to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators.\"
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
\"@BlueWaterDays: A visionary who loves America &gt; \"  Thanks.
\"@MarioFMartinezz: I can't wait for  announcement on June 16.\" Great.
\"@viksquad:  you are the man for the job\"
\"@jeffrey_gorski:  the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope\"
\"@MJVictory: @STL_Blonde DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity ; national security.\"
\"@seankesser:  @Knight276 @cdgrafics @greta It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money\"
\"@Knight276:  @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important\"
\"@STL_Blonde: The thing that's so wonderful about  ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires.\" True.
\"@cdgrafics: @greta  I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men.\"
\"@STL_Blonde: One of my favorite all-time @FoxNews moments: When  let @megynkelly touch his hair.\"
\"@TheBingle: @greta  Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO.\"
\"@STL_Blonde: I believe ... no I KNOW that  would be a better president than HillaryClinton.\"
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets ; their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
We must stop Common Core from controlling state ; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government ; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
\"@ebhockeyfan @GretchenCarlson One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal ; supportive of his friends. He also says it like is.\"
\"@2014_vince  @NCGOP donald for president..a true patriot\"
\"@siddiquehash  @krauthammer I Agree Donald!\"
Via @globegazette by @GGMaryP: “Trump: We'll bring American dream back” fEUEN6C1Yo
“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” gqkXdWoN26  via @msnbc by @janestreet
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance ; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it ; enjoy! #GettingReal
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
Via @DMRegister by @BylineAndyDavis: “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville” U96iaagHlD
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time.. BVsLbZTA46
\"@thermoclinee Hey  - had a spectacular round @TrumpFerryPoint - drove the green on #7. Awesome track! Great views!\" Thanks
\"@Wallys1700:  our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #Trump2016\"
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
\"@WebDanny:  @yankzpat If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'\"  I agree!
\"@krauthammer: On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
\"@yankzpat: HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook  's hand in Mason City. #June16th h0ZZUrt8pZ\"
\"@justariot66:  no bs Donald if you run I'm in PA you will get my vote for sure.\"
\"@Delna_42: DonaldTrump You're going to be the greatest President this country has ever seen. I hope you win. #Trump2016 #CommanderInChief\"
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
\"@Bobzilla305:  @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the Conservative viewership\" A total loser!
\"@foxandfriends: Donald Trump: I Would Be the Jobs President LldABpiLaQ\"
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
\"@EatSleepDan: I want to see  run for president.\"
\"@CloseTheDealTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!  #quote\"
\"@NEYAM760: Trump 4 president! \"
\"@BlueyesBeauty:  #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!\"
With great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again! hOqGwzrLBA
Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back, and better than ever before! 8vsdgAJSEf
Standing room only in Mason City, Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! GXinb8lPGa
Via @KCRG by @markwcarlson: “Donald Trump stops in Coralville” lQp890xz7z
\"@RaeRae_luv I'm on the fence but if  runs then I'm all good\"
Trump Nat'l Golf Club, Philadelphia, is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic! jha0m0W4Kk
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
\"@123Jayne:  I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!\"
\"@Alex_WJ_Milne:  looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016\"
“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated ; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! u25yI5T7E8
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” sEM5NaysV7
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! II29WqZ7WH
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits ; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
\"@vilmawolfe03  @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻\"
\"@MJosephSheppard: \"Sound The Trumpets For A \"Trump 2016\" Presidential Run\" Hear what he has to say  IbAcdzd7Pg\"
\"@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?\"
\"@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview  during Jim Kelly Shootout.. h2Jgjc3RIZ\"
\"@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45\"
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! dR4gV4vUHe
The Spa @TrumpWaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional Hawaiian botanicals ; healing techniques cRZvjkkwY7
\"@patzann66  Time for USA to get back on track \"Trump for President\"
\"@RayYedman: Rephrase ; quote Al Davis. #justrunbaby #Trump2016 Don't disappoint. There isn't another way 2 make America great again\"
\"@kenziestruder:  for pres 2016 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌\"
\"@RickysPlace1:  @dxkelley @BOBonTCN Definitely a great president!!\"
\"@dxkelley: @BOBonTCN does Mister Runyan think that Donald Trump would make a good president, or a great president?\" Great.
\"@MasterBaxter8:  awaiting your response on June 16. You would be the best ever.\"
\"@mikegallagher24:  Check out what a great quarterback you once were. With Jim Kelly many years ago. h2Jgjc3RIZ
\"@amy_pardue:  @puppyslug please sir run we need AMERICA BACK YOU CAN DO THIS A TRUE BELIEVER\"
\"@thatxystkid: I honestly believe that  would make a great president\"  Thank you.
\"@jm9145:  Trump for President!\"
\"@JollyGoodman181: Vote Trump for President 2016 Americans last hope Donald Trump... Let's take OUR country back. Vote for the \"Don\" 2016\"
\"@jm9145:  Please run!!! USA needs a leader!\"
\"@davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea hj7bujG3TG\"
\"@annnotari13:  Just Do it!✔️\"
\"@Louie_Avella: #Trump2016 lets go \"
\"@puppyslug: I care about are country ; that is why ill vote for  if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving ; FAST\"
\"@_Snurk:  set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great ; will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016\"
\"@pepsidaisy: DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 MzTBqb1r5R
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there ; go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
.@TrumpGolfLA is proud to be hosting @PGAGrandSlam where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015. osMVxnwxS8
Via @G_Liberty_Voice by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico” fpYTPAInv0
Via @ChristianToday: “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House” pxCk9qSx7g
All the haters ; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him ; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
\"@Zac_dunnn2  My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!\"
June 16th- jYqz5rKooJ
Awarded 5 Stars by @ForbesInspector, @TrumpChicago’s @SixteenChicago offers \n  Executive Chef @cheflents’s new menu Wdl4pd8Y10
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
\"@The_Truth_Sir:  @foxandfriends A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!\"
\"@aalucero: @pacsgirl36  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps ; bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!\"
\"@jkellywwip:  killed it on @foxandfriends\"
\"@pacsgirl36:  run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
\"@yankzpat: HEY! I hope to meet  on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016\"
\"@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx v0n9ZF1ttS YxweLz5UCj\" Thank you.
\"@entreprenershp: As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump\"
\"@Great: \"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@WSJPolitics: Donald Trump's poll numbers would qualify him for a GOP debate, but Carly Fiorina and Lindsey Graham would be out.
\"@PlaisanceAnn:  Trump for President!!!\"
\"@SeppBlatterP: I love my time at @TrumpCollection! The staff handle my valuables with utmost care, I always come away greatly satisfied!
\"@JollyGoodman181:  Trump for President\"
\"@c_shepler:  This trooper needs you to run 9fu7vEndRi\"
\"@jsilva74366572:  @nicksibrodi vote for Trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis, china, lobbyists and everyone else\"
\"@amazechristianl:  Are you happy with current polls? Congrats on the success so far.\"
\"@_MeganEve: #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #MakeSureYouVote \"
\"@nicksibrodi:   Can't America wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez\"
\"@KGLeipsic: counting down the days to June 16. Why?  knows why.\"
\"@realBrockDriver: Would give anything for  to run for President!! If there's anyone who can fix our country, it's him!!\"
\"@JRMcClaren:  Stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him.\" Probably true, but it's fun to expose the overrated!
\"@YankeeRunnerLV: Bought 2 bottles of #Empire Cologne/Deodorant so that I can smell like a winner;a PRESIDENT! #Trump2016 #PleaseRun #Thanks
\"@JoffCallaghan: Not sure why I didn't follow  before now. Seems like something I should have done ages ago...\"
\"@kissangel864:  @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him\"
\"@dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at 's in Florida. His golf course is amazing !\"
\"@jsilva74366572:  vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. People please wake up.
\"@JollyGoodman181:  Trump for President!!!\"
\"@JollyGoodman181:  The \"Don\" is our guy... the man who will set things straight. Donald Trump for President.\"
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
\"@Auburnfan2155:  Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz\"
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
\"@carrillo_pete:  @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia I know he can and will\"
\"@celtoid2:  @GeoScarborough @HuffPostMedia Your country needs you. Run.
\"@GeoScarborough: Joe Scarborough Thinks Donald Trump Can 'Shake Things Up' In 2016 Election l8FOxDP7Ul via @HuffPostMedia
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
\"@Jess_Blanch94:  Time for you to announce and run for president Mr. Trump! #YouHaveMyVote\"
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
ICYMI, Via @nypost by Post Editorial Board: “@TrumpFerryPoint: New Gem in the Bronx” CpDo1mPaHm
Via @paramuspost: “@TrumpSoHo New York Debuts Sizzling Summer Offerings” CkFeSe3xiH
“Donald Trump To Be In Mason City June 4th”  II29WqZ7WH via @KCHA
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Trump Int'l Golf Links ; Hotel, Ireland, is on 400 beautiful acres ; fronts the Atlantic Ocean for 2.5 miles. Spectac!nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Required reading 4 success in politics ; life read @kimguilfoyle's book #MakingTheCase. Brilliant Advice ! \n F64qOBW4zv
\"@ElvisDuranShow Thanks for calling in . Always a pleasure to chat with you! #ElvisOnTopoftheWorld\" And my pleasure, thanks.
\"@alphainparis: @seanhannity DonaldTrump is the 21st century Ronald Reagan. Intelligent. Bold. Surrounded by good people. Gets the job done.
\"@macresslertech: RT  ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% 5jF0J3OY3X Terrible for economy. Repeal ; Replace.
I had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @TrumpFerryPoint. Watch the video- dvZIzdtuSE
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
It’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! We can get it done. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
ObamaCare premiums could jump as high as 51% BdBnj4hm99 Terrible for economy. Repeal ; Replace with free market solution!
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
Via @AmericanThinker by Malcolm Unwell: “Taking Trump Seriously” RbpJsMDE2M
“Get some face time in The Spa at @TrumpLasVegas” pRzzlV2u0J  via @Vegascom by Renée Libutti
My @greta int. on @FoxNews on how to defeat ISIS, Obama losing ground to ISIS, ; Making America Great Again! 1d4mPmJFaa
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: “Donald Trump: 'We Must Make America Great Again'”\n  3tTIu2lnNE
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
\"Watch, listen, and learn. You can't know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.\" Donald Trump\"
\"@luxury: What’s it like to play Donald Trump’s Ferry Point golf course in the Bronx?  4sayneKbx1 7QWdcz1NUd\"
\"@business: What it’s like to play ’s New York City golf course OsGhBGxDEQ fH8HJHwVgT\"
\"@duncanebradbury:  @pmadden86 Cool photo but I want to see Trump glistening from inside the White House!\"
\"@pcm426:  @FoxNewsInsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell\"
\"@ElizaWindso: @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint  @jacknicklaus She'll never go out of style ...\"  True!
\"@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez\"
\"@GinaJarGirl:  @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.\"
\"@FoxNewsInsider:  U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing' iejThAc9DK @greta CZRYdKthth\"
\"@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider  @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .\"
\"@VanityFair: Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx v0n9ZF1ttS YxweLz5UCj\"
\"@MMValetServicez: \"I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.” – Donald Trump
\"@RichJohnson1973:  for president\"
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
\"@1MuskyHunter:  @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez\"
\"@pmadden86:  Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine o7n1ol784d\"
\"@oefoif0506:  @puppyslug   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track\"
\"@CryptOhio:  @MELANIATRUMP Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.
\"@BMckenna38:  potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!\"  True.
\"@RobinFoxNews: @DanaPerino @megynkelly . The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.
\"@bella270012:  @MELANIATRUMP @TrumpFerryPoint @jacknicklaus Beautiful Lady!\"
\"@NecieWelch:  a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it.  #Trump2016\"
\"@SandraBoag:  Hopefully our future First Lady!!!\"  She would be amazing!
\"@bobby990r_1:  would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!
\"@dakotanina: .: \"We have a president who has no clue what he's doing.\" #Greta S97l2WzlYA\"
\"@hokie6: @FoxNews  the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there.\"  Thank you.
\"@MELANIATRUMP: Yesterday @TrumpFerryPoint opening day  @jacknicklaus #golf KzVvAk7euD\"  A great lady!
\"@puppyslug:  Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!\"
\"@HowardJax50: Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!\"
\"@GinaJarGirl:  @raven_claw2 Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue.\"
\"@suzannesaxx:  Zf93Kcv6On\"
\"@DanteDMoney: @FoxNews  YES \"Donald\" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum ; the nanny congress!\"
\"@meltsch: @FoxNewsInsider  @greta I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up .\"
\"@raven_claw2:  You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great.\"
\"@wendyb5372: @greta  I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!\"
\"@fxlozano: @FoxNews  he is transforming America\"
\"@BinkyBoo415:  must run ; must win! #2016\"
Good advice from my mother: \n\"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\" -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: \"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\" --  Fred C. Trump
“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”\n  VmcJZAO065 via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
\"@danscire  Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!\"  Thanks. Enjoy!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.\n -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining ; championship golf E2BnVQeO0M
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: \"Practice puts brains in your muscles!\" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
\"@ashbakali: \"Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.\" Donald Trump\"
\"@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump\"
\"@GameANew:  #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard\" Thanks.
\"@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses\"
\"@Mitnasty33:  \"Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason.\" - Mark Twain\"  So true.
\"@2014_vince:  all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess\" Wow, it can be done!
\"@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats  F34LwrQEJS\"
\"@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!\"
\"@nitya_lal:  You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@alexx4111:  I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President\"
\"@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.\"
\"@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US\" Thanks Jen!
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
\"@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today  3OkinZBggi\"
\"@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
\"@davevin73:  You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way\"
\"@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...\"
\"@papaouch: @TomEvans1972  Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...\"
\"@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names\"
\"@2014_vince:  bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice\"
\"@pepsidaisy:  It's almost June ; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@caholcom53:  @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus R1AVPqho5a\"
\"@therealtommydel:1 ; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment ; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady\"
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- \"Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole\"-- is a great read. Good job!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
My honor. GUKHHTBuSI
\"@_Aleshaxo:  Now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 Keeping the faith that you will run. #Trump2016\"
\"@wendy1134:  @NiccoBigalli Things would be so much better! #Trumpforpresident\"  True.
\"@kenbu1:  Waiting to hear you will run for President in 2016.\"  Watch.
\"@_Aleshaxo: Good morning  I'm still hoping to hear #Trump2016 🙏 You've my vote.\"  Stay tuned!
\"@NiccoBigalli:  #Trumpforpresident\"  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@robertpatrickmc: @GovernorPataki didnt shine as governor in NYS why would he become president of the united states \" True!
\"@rosannascotto: Coming up  on #GDNY talking about his new golf course in the Bronx! What else is on your mind?\"
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job \"D\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: 🇺🇸  ha6dgSQVzg\"
\"@sheveeta: Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump\"
\"@jkapper15:  please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@SunshineKhali:  @rtesta O personally I think you would be a great president for our country #Leadership\"
\"@GirlCant_helpit: DonaldTrump  Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it
\"@HMunjal: David @Letterman's Top 10: The @Forbes List Members Who've Appeared The Most XzlEnQMnN8 - : 21 times!
\"@rtesta: Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than  to turn us around. #Trump2016
\"@RobertoAG415: Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President
\"@cclkm:  I beg you to run\" Stay tuned!
\"@KathyPenree: First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job  @IvankaTrump\"  Thanks.
\"@Vinnie_109: @WalkerLaflin @katie_0303 we need  to run and we would be good\"
\"@JohnFromCranber: Donald Trump: \"Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama\" X7DKtJhpym Iran/Nukes
\"@persdevquotes: « I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present -  Donald Trump
\"@thehill: Donald Trump on Mexico: \"I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall\" KSasQjervA sVZoergra9\" True.
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
\"@_Snurk:  TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy AMERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Tump2016\"
\"@tdg_tom:  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.\"  Watch.
\"@tdg_tom:  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood.\" Go get 'em!
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!\"
\"@AplemonLemon:  I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!\"
\"@BLG216:  We're all very proud of you, Donald .\"
\"@05FXDLI:  As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty.\"  Thanks.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
\"@geoff_deweaver: Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - 2j0aQUFQGQ via @PeerIndex #congrats  @jimmyfallon
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
\"@sintianiej: Yes, this is our next president - Donald Trump. In 2016 election America vote DJT 6ZJqyKzz5n\"
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!
\"@republicbuzz: Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump? | RealClearPolitics EjSvOKSciO AekvGVMEiB\"
\"@Trading: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game - Donald Trump
\"@JDCorbinPM: VIDEO: Donald Trump Issues Epic Promise to #Christians if Elected President F5ojlNajbQ\"
\"@thehill: Donald Trump: \"I have created tens of thousands of jobs\" 3Qjqfzl7tj HUTV6CDphY\"
\"@ABCPolitics: Donald Trump speaks on 2016ers, says Jeb Bush \"stumbling.” zZ41akoT6q QGqSKUielq\"
\"@theblaze: Donald Trump says he’d be the “greatest representative of the Christians\" if elected president bh5FcJJAqr\"
\"@FoxNewsInsider: .: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' 7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly NuJp7d4hle\"
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: Opens private 757 jet to reporters... 9PRe6Sfxrm\"
\"@RealClearNews: After years of fanfare, will #DonaldTrump run? @RebeccaGBerg reports: Ota0WU3fOE zBHSFAwLhF\"
\"@AB_CutRock: AIR FORCE TRUMP: The zillionaire pol dishes about Rand, Mitt and Jeb 68ZlaRcQ4T via @MailOnline\"
\"@bamayorgo1:  would be better then Jeb Bush\"  By a whole lot!
\"@brianjames75: @GOP, don't choke again! Choose America's boldest leader to date.  #GoBigUSA QcUXlwdNNq\"
\"@mjnstn: Very entertaining interview with . Last quote in article is hilarious .. cZ7WQ8lG2F\" Thank you.
\"@kcef35: Best looking building in Chicago  79qi9AZtj6\"
\"@CahlRStorrie: For my birthday today I'd like to see  make it official that he's running for president! #DT2016 #Trump2016\"
\"@2014_vince:  strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump\"  Thank you!
\"@SeanlaiC: RT @JeanRalphiooo I would endorse  in a presidential run!\"
\"@thedanid: I see you, boss  🙌🏼 dVZjQTXNXd\"
\"@kamwaters:  Can't wait for your exciting June announcement! Keep posting videos, they're always informative. #Trump2016\"
\"@CarterDeKeyser: People get so mad when I tell them the only person I would even consider voting for in 2016 is  if he runs
\"@HoboWill:  you are convincing me more and more..\"  That's good news!
\"@goldregime: I'm sold on , #TRUMP for president!\"
\"@ryanbushby:  Announce you're running already! We need you! #Trump2016\"  I agree, our country is dying!
\"@TpGraf82: I'm surprised @fox didn't quote all of  Hopefully in June they will be quoting you right! #Trump2016\"
\"@DirtyHouseGuy: Why won't you run for #POTUS and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? Show them how is should be done!!\"
\"@dfberger23: Wait  is really running for President? Just saw his campaign site!
\"@VerumEstLiberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald it's all lip flappin till you get serious...Are you in or just playing us?\"  JUNE!!!!
\"@DannyLofaro:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!\"
\"@turkeyofmurica:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Competing show!\"
\"@James00549702:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Sometimes Megyn thinks she has an agenda. It pays to be \"humble\" ; just report the news!!\"
\"@aa_trevino:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Donald, it's more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa, don't sweat it\"
\"@DannyLofaro:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all I have to say is- TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!\" Stay tuned!
\"@AlexPascal123:  @megynkelly @oreillyfactor Students at New York Institute of Technology are rooting for you Mr. Trump!\"
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
A strong America creates opportunity and growth. We just need to change Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
\"@BHLiberty  I will look forward to your debate performance! I believe this country could use a leader like you! Good luck!\"
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point: Grand Opening next Tuesday May 26th at 11 AM. Jack Nicklaus will be joining me. XovcybFo0P
\"If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again.\" - last line of my @SRQRepublicans speech
\"Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician.\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Audience chanting \"RUN TRUMP RUN!\" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
\"I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning.\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
\"I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does.\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Via @ABCPolitics by @ajdukakis ; @rickklein: \"Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016\" 8UHtf2Pv7L
\"Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
\"Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it.\" - @SRQRepublicans speech
\"I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released.\" - my  @SRQRepublicans speech
\"I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country.\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
\"Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!\" - my @SRQRepublicans speech.
Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by @SRQRepublicans. A record 2,000+ sell out hQW42Pdgxs
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Just 30 minutes from Manhattan, @TrumpNationalNY is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course sWFmZzayM2
\"@JPWV64 @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken\"
\"@mbabramson  @FoxNewsInsider @megynkelly Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!\"
Via @RealClearNews by @rebeccagberg: “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  qvcO49KILl
Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink” 9IVM6G9gAE
\"Always be prepared to start.” - @JoeMontana
Via @TWtravelnews by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again” wFIL90xE0q
\"@millersandra88:  @MansfieldRA @FoxNews He is the only one who could save us!!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: I LOVE  BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD!!! #VoteTrump2016\"
\"@VeryOddDog:  VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERCIA
\"@MansfieldRA: The Q Is Will The  Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. @FoxNews\" Just watch!
\"@IPSInvestments  The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business
\"@FoxNewsInsider: .: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' 7ANyVAxlb3 @megynkelly NuJp7d4hle\"
\"@RBransonNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? W1nk4ubTSH\"
Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p... yxwndtPHbJ\"
\"@MarcoRubioTNews: Is America ready for Donald Trump as president? JOmupApC8E\"   Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!
\"@carrillo_pete: #make America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need #DonaldTrump2016\"
\"@RoadrunnerKD: Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom. #Trump2016\"
\"@_Snurk: We need  to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!!  VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP\"
\"@631acf83e56d41c: We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!! #Trump4Prez #uwillwin\"
\"@obadafidii: Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again' YMP2DPOUAK #SmartNews\"
\"@CharlesLiva: Thanks  , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man! #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT #DT2016 #DonaldTrump2016\"
\"@GappistanRadio: All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing.  you have to run! #Trump2016\"
\"@kissangel864:  @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres\"
\"@CharlesLiva: Wishing this moment to come, thanks  , I'll vote you #DT2016 #TRUMPMYPRESIDENT\"
\"@Pri. Had a dream that  was POTUS and @WarrenBuffett was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream
\"@kneehighspy:  Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk! #Trump2016\"
\"@SmokyJacques:  waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!\"
\"@YankeeRunnerLV:Whether you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope #Trump16\"
\"@GoHardYoung: The only way I'm voting for president is if  runs\"  Cute!
\"@kissangel864:  @GameANew put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump\"
\"@carrillo_pete:  -Trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016\"
\"@lunar_kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school\"
\"@lunar_kismet15:  @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.
.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
\"@pdk73:  I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House\"
\"@thomas_tullos10:  said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!\"
\"@GameANew:  Count me in! Anything I can do to help.. #Trump2016\"
\"@HarmonBrew: @FoxNews @megynkelly  DonaldTrump #KellyFile Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser.\"
\"@DonnySavaged: I really wish  would run for president.\"
\"@champforrest: @megynkelly  Bringing jobs back from China ; Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs.\"
\"@Chris_R_2014: @megynkelly  - He would fix this complete mess. America needs Trump. We don't need Obama.\"
\"@FCBauman: @megynkelly  not if..., now...\"
\"@_marryyy:  was right. Correct infrastructure wouldn't even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed\"
\"@LadyofFe:  @megynkelly just watched, love your positive can do attitude.\"
\"@luvda24man: @megynkelly  plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars!\"
\"@AndyBran:  @megynkelly great job Mr. Trump! I will be 100% in your corner if you choose to make America great again!\"
\"@heidimac60:  Great job on #KellyFile now I'm BUSTING to know if ur running! ! 👍👍👊👊😰\"
\"@CornWhisky: @megynkelly  Pretty much says it like it is.\"
\"@DNorrell:  @megynkelly shame on Megyn.Trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.Hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around.\" True!
Signing The Facebook Wall- 6DI8mZtjGg
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY. 5Zv7GQ5VKq
.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East ; Religious Liberty ; Freedom NDOhUQwIRi
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border ; deduct costs from Mexico G0m5cYcCgk
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” nJ05V6RD0J
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan XovcybFo0P
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- vLVsxBPGdS
\"@DoomsdayFAN   Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!\"
\"@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG ; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China!  will do that!
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
\"@GirlCant_helpit:  run for President. You'd have my vote JbRjAQu0PI\"
\"@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended\"
\"@DoomsdayFAN:  President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@AerielleS:  is the key to success.\"  Thanks.
\"@movieloverjohn:  its time 2 run 4 president ; #trumpthecompetition\"
\"@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential\"
\"@sanksharma:  is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.  HBx1J7ESUG\"
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! \"@not_that_actor:  #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES TdMlFuOFjI\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE  FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! \"@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from  #Golf kKoBOzWIwv\"
\"@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com - CENXXZeYgo fqcmUejXFe\"
\"@greenhousegrown:  @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!\" Keep the faith!
\"@traapgawddd:  kick Obamas ass and run for president already.\"
\"@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do  will get my vote! #trump4president\"
\"@Tendraftsdeep:  get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass\"
\"@bijobijo:  run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.\"
\"@BowersAllyson:  @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras C6npFfEpM1\"  Great champions!
\"@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation\"
\"@jsilva74366572:  cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again\"
\"@IslesFan83:  I hope you run. America needs it badly.\"
\"@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money 17KAUtS8NB  4prez
\"@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting  to swoop in and save the day\"  Stay tuned.
\"@brianjames75: My prediction:  will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig\"
With Sen. Elizabeth Dole ; @DoleFoundation Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military ; veterans! zGr7jLhj5B
Incredible progress at @trumptowerpde – Punta del  Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  Stq7jiomjr
“Actions are the seed of fate \n  deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation ; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @HuffPostPol by @_under_current: “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President” nnIorV7czN
FLASHBACK via @Reuters from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.\n  IkZUvaeCti
“Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” tEmQD0xQY5 via @thehill by @SmiloTweets
Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! 9b4goLdxTO Guess he would have invaded Libya too!
Host of the @PGATOUR ; @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster q09RkCGitz
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
\"@Richard__Lewis:  Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself.\" Thanks.
\"@Bobo_Shields:  is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams.\"
\"@FlyOSUBuckeye1: \": \"@pepsidaisy:  #trump2016 #trumpforpresident ZyMX89ETsR\"\"\"
\"@_chanelelle_: Donald Trump is my inspiration in life  love u Donald u the real mvp!!\"
\"@LoriPatriot:Thank you DonaldTrump for speaking the truth ; saying what many of us have been. B9wCuJJTqG @seanhannity @FoxNews
\"@lancebagley1: Great Article, DonaldTrump   ISIS in competition w/ Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ; Kill Islambies!!! 69DeTcEfat\"
\"@MarkMizzouSteel: I see you  cInVSYEtAz\"
\"@pepsidaisy:  #trump2016 #trumpforpresident ZyMX89ETsR\"
\"@littlevd23: @oreillyfactor DonaldTrump If Mr Trump runs and becomes the next President you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!\"
\"@shea_leduc:  for president and Tom Brady for his VP\"  Cute!
\"@pdigiore1:  my husband and myself are praying you run for president.\" Thank you!
\"@IslesRBYanksFan: \"Politicians are all talk and no action\". \"Lets make America great again\". Mr. Trump, for the sake of America, please run
\"@G87Mac:  Pinnacle of Chicago skyline #TRUMP XzuW5dCtHp\"
.@TrumpNationalNY- a great place! V5dV6FKZeS @TrumpGolf
Via David Ebner re Stanley Cup ; Trump poster: “If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big” GSj6NtQJWH
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
\"@fackinpeter   im ready for u to make america great again\"
\"@somegirl71  Look forward to hearing you every Monday on @foxandfriends. You are exactly what this country needs!!!\"
\"@KhathuEnos  ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success, build a wall from whatever they throw towards you Sir.\"
\"@iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge, ; instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. It's #TimeToGetTough\"
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq \"was not a mistake.\" He looked clueless!
\"@utkarsh_chheda:  @Elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u....\"  Haters and losers!
\"@Rsherfy:  @macresslertech @taylorj0103 Mr. Trump I would vote for you, we need to make America great again....\"
\"@Elgianne:  Looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️\"
\"@macresslertech: RT Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” tVEX5w2ZqH Let's Make America Great
\"@AmieeSurratt: Love it! I hope you do run: we need a change sir \"
\"@tokindaddy: @foxandfriends  Brian don't try take Trump on with your \"wit\". He got you beat, hands down!\" Brian is terrific
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Mr Trump glad to hear you say We are going to make this Country Great Again! Your honest you tell it like it\"
\"@monty3251:  ..can't wait til June Mr. President, millions are waiting for you to make this country Great again...\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends Donald, like it is! You continue to give us hope! This country needs you! Looking forward to June God Bless!
\"@anurag7287:  @foxandfriends you are the best\"  Thanks.
\"@Kurt_Sengul:  @foxandfriends Just run for President Donny, you'd win for sure. 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@derbitteractor:  sen. hillary clinton voted for the war\"
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
\"@littlevd2 km @FoxNews Really not surprising....Mr. Trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it\"
\"@BombasticSigma: Can you just announce already that you're running for president so I can campaign for you. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr Trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #Trump2016\"  Stay tuned
\"@elifourv:  You're really the best, Trump!\"
\"@enoeht85:  run #tramp run!!!!\"
\"@AwaisM:  please run\"
\"@ardow:  Jebs got no IQ ... same as his brother.\"
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to \"love\" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Via @DMRegister by @brianneDMR:“Trump: Bring back jobs from overseas” hlregvFFJc Let's Make America Great Again!
\"@taylorj0103: I hope and pray- . 0WXQW3KxeC\"
\"@cspanPolitics: . remarks at @IowaGOP #LincolnDinner on @cspan NX4hMgDHov yrvYXjwbPw\"
\"@1italianheart: We need a real American to run our country and that real man is . Get this country back on track.
\"@loveb4youdie: Waiting for  to announce for president, tired of all these posers\"  Stay tuned.
\"@SHAWSHANK5:  @AJ_13_Hulton Why not run for president? You are the best for America and the world
\"@Lunadeapril:  @Jnakes77 hehe I totally agree! Donald makes me mad sometimes but I low key adore him!\"  Noce.
\"@mec755:  @LauraAbokhair Donald Trump could turn this thing around .... WATCH.
\"@ann_txpurple: @AJ_13_Hulton Go Donald 😄. Saying go for it💥. I think you would make a great President but miss you on Apprentice\"
\"@carrillo_pete:  @TheBrodyFile -I'm all aboard the Trump Train. I know it won't derail. 👍\"
\"@thekerikgroup: Here are 14 reasons why  is running and doing well: zZkh5CmNxy @NewsmaxTV @Newsmax_Media\"
\"@BSticklen:  at your place in Chicago, Love it! NFTwpTlrPm\"
\"@AJ_13_Hulton: Best book I've ever read  32KSrRkwCc\"
\"@Jnakes77:  We love u too Mr. Trump even though u make us mad sometimes.\"  Cute!
\"@MikeRicks: Joining Reagan as POTUS with a star on the walk of fame ? #gotmyvote 2TOiP0hYPG\"  Great.
\"@TheBrodyFile: Always great to visit with  @TheBrodyFile one-on-one with \"The Donald\" in Des Moines this afternoon MS1vlLbNCm\"
\"@LauraAbokhair:  You could change this country around!\" True and thanks!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
Received a standing ovation in packed house @MorningsideEdu after Sam Clovis intro! Let's Make America Great Again! 3HXOYFNcFa
\"@4kmiddlebrook: DonaldTrump has been Building / Stimulating Cities around the Globe his whole life #WorldChampion #RebuildAmerica\" Thanks
\"@frankgaffney: Tomorrow  will be speaking at IA Natl Security Action Summit 1:30pm. Join us.#tcot kcj7PrNNMB\"
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Excited to be speaking at @frankgaffney’s @securefreedom Iowa National Security Action Summit tomorrow at 1:30PM! ofhxzCGOGc
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"14 Reasons Donald Trump Is Really Running — and Doing Well\" zZkh5C5cG0
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Via @fitsnews by @TaylahhKane:\n\"Donald Trump’s Refreshing Lack Of A Filter\" oYkfeXAPld
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump inches closer to a decision” Hgp2LW9Ucj
Excited to keynote of the sold-out Pottawattamie County Republican Party Lincoln/Reagan Dinner tonight! rwhijBdYvj Leaving now!
.@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
\"@SkeeterSpinello:Trump might be the the smartest business man alive.But it's your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field
\"@davesportsgod:  I hope you decide to really run for President this time. Are you going to make a decision soon?\" Very soon
\"@jsilva74366572: @DurandSentinus - US infrastructure is seriously deficient - anTrump is the only one talking about it !! Lets go Trump !!\"
\"@davesportsgod: @AngieBatlle  @HillaryClinton After McCain and Romney, someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing.
\"@terrisanislo: @ColorMeRed  Hey, the man knows how to run a business!\"
\"@jsilva74366572:  @GappistanRadio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthTrump for pres !!! 2016\"
\"@JDrago28: It was such an honor to meet  today in New Hampshire! What a great man! #NH #business VWxnWsTmBH\"
\"@dan_numba:  @TrumpLasVegas you are the best mr trump\"
Via @bostonherald by @ ChrisCassidy_BH: \"Donald Trump says Jeb Bush is wrong about Iraq\" jrJHEDIs7G
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Golf Links Ireland (formerly The Lodge at Doonbeg) is a 5 star resort fronting the Atlantic Ocean nT7zundGmV
\"@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains ; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK!  could easily fix!
\"@GappistanRadio: Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz are not the answers. America needs Trump to send Hillary packing and make USA great again!
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
\"@STR8HUSTLING:  Donald you would have fired Jeb Bush a long time ago on the apprentice\"  True!
\"@OgreUasshole:  I can't wait to see you destroy Hillary in a debate!\"  We must win and make America great again!
\"@Joe_Hurwitz:  WOW YOU ARE GREAT AND YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME\"  Wow, I love the second part!
\"@williamgardanis:  IF anyone in the GOP field was SINCERE they would ENDORSE DONALD J TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN\"
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence ; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends ; discussing #FITN topics.
\"Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan ; would like to stop other Republicans from using it\" hAPdiolDbU via @businessinsider
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” kWvbk5HtDr
\"@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!\"  It will be fantastic!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, ; better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists ; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
\"@mark_esque: @bobby2700  Good point. We just really need your help Donald!\"
\"@BiffDiddle: . This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016\"
\"@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra! MjqKRRUxPo\"
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
\"@James_Taylor78:  You'd have my vote!\"  Great.
\"@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in  's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely\"
\"@Stann1s:  Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
My @bostonherald interview on Tom Brady, Hillary Clinton, the Granite State ; Making America Great Again! Qy1J7TilAu
“Polling strong, Donald Trump starting to get serious”\n  8LCMa58P7P via @bostonherald by @JaclynCashman
Glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership failed in the Senate. Bad deal for American worker ; economy! We need SMART TRADE! YPz4io6WJJ
Via @PRNewswire “Streetsense Brings \"The National,\" a Geoffrey Zakarian Restaurant, to DC's New Trump Intl Hotel” g5KG6YQZnj
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP: ‘RICH PEOPLE DON’T LIKE ME’–POOR, MIDDLE-INCOME PEOPLE ‘LIKE ME BEST’” JRZEhq1dPQ
\"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.\" -- Thomas Edison
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities ; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
\"@WilyKayote @LenToddWOR  I hope the Don throws his hat in the ring for POTUS. He can't be bought!  He said this country is going to Hell\"
\"@enzotorin  Trump is the man #Trump2016\"
\"@therealtommydel Trump for President!  Tom Brady as running mate?\"
\"@donhewitt3 @RonFromLasVegas People are very naive if they think only the Patriots do this. Had no effect on the game. Go to court\"
I was proud to be one of Ronald Reagan's earliest supporters. Like Reagan, it's time to Make America Great Again!\ntoq7Ddalco
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog 27fGVFn9pz
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
\"@strombolijeff:  u are the people's hero. TRUMP 2016 you've got my vote!\" Thanks.
\"@ByronYork: Donald Trump is rising in NH, IA. What's going on? MsPEKCaIML\"
\"@ByronYork: In new Bloomberg poll, Donald Trump ahead of Christie Cruz Carson Huckabee Fiorina Graham Jindal Kasich Perry Santorum.\"
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
\"@delonte3ast: Tom Brady is about to win the next 5 Super Bowls and visit  in the White House.\" Very cool!
\"@ryan_smith10:  for President! 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
\"@cerrabella:  China to build military base in Africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge DWbXc80gzv
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
\"Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – President Ronald Reagan
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
\"@KyndalBass  Thank you Jill, Marlon, ; all @TrumpChicago for the amazing ; personal service. #Chicago'sBestHotel  #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@MrTonyRoberts1:  greatest country on earth, The United States of America need a strong leader just like you! You are the best\"
\"@justnise:  My man has never voted in an election said he would vote for Trump for President.\"
\"@belllabooo13:  One of the Best speeches I have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!!\"  Thank you.
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
\"@GuyScott33:  EXCELLENT SPEECH AT SC FREEDOM SUMMIT! YOU NEED TO RUN! yCgsPfPZNY\"
\"@xfile1986: @AdamSmith_USA run  run!!! 🙏🏻\"
\"@Ashtonmartintmt: I stayed up to 4 am last night reading a  book !!\"  Great!
\"@Staton_Flurry: Looking forward to hearing  speak Saturday night in Iowa.\" See you there - record breaking crowd!
\"@jwpicciotto: @MarkHalperin  pretty shotty math A- + C- = A-   Very dishonest reporting by Halperin. He knows - total scam!
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there! WvH2GwxG99
\"@WKDojo:  just run Damnit......roll Trump roll....kickass\"
\"@Presidency2016: Dr Ben Carson @RealBenCarson will just need to sweat it out until Donald Trump leaves the White House on 20 January 2025.\"
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@williamgardanis:  SC Freedom Summit FULL Speech DJT FKKqwdJXzh\"
\"@MikeSington: Crowd goes wild for Trump at SC Summit! @SteveKingIA:\"Trump's in; I know he's in.\" His Scooby-Doo van: FTElVEa9eF
\"@GOPJim_Davis:  Thoroughly enjoyed your speech in SC.\" Thanks Jim.
\"@4kmiddlebrook:  has been stimulating Cities all over the World Plowing through political BS his whole life. #Trump2016\"
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... FAGNWXq4Xo\"
\"@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with  14lpNtixNX\"
\"@hdfxdx01:  Are you announcing your run for president? You are Americas last hope!\" Stay tuned!
\"@therealTMac11: @NRA Non-hunters don't get it. The Hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit\"
\"@StephanieKrista:  THANK-YOU!!! I hope you are running for POTUS! Got my vote!\"
\"@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA The Elephants in Zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the National Forest.\"
\"@therealTMac11: @florianooke @Toxmaster @NRA Bc the Elephants are so many, The Safari Club pays for water wells to keep them alive.\"
\"@LynneLeach:  you can make U.S. great by running for POTUS! You have my vote a million times over ☑️\"
\"@laurenthomasx3: Excited to hear GOP candidates at the Freedom Summit today in Greenville, SC! See you soon \"
My two sons, Eric ; Don, have long been expert hunters ; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris ; give animals to the poor ; starving villagers!
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
\"@JackPaalay:  The King of Turnberry! Fabulous!\" What an amazing place!
\"@johnny4a: Envision It: DonaldTrump is Prez, @ElonMusk sends ppl 2 Mars by @SpaceX and ppl drive his @TeslaMotors electric cars #Trump2016\"
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
\"@4kmiddlebrook:  #Bigger #Better #Stronger #Faster #Smarter #Richer #WINNER #Trump2016 @FoxNews @oreillyfactor @TheFive\"
\"@kittreantanner:More interviews, Mr Trump. The more you talk @ what you would do if president, the more people want to hear MORE from you.\"
\"@vctr67:  Mr. Trump. Please run and save this country from going to hell. You got my vote.\" Thanks.
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight @ericbolling
#TrumpAdvice VFP8GBIPEx
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process ; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
A strong military makes us respected by our allies ; feared by our enemies. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Via @fitsnews by Will Folks: “’THE DONALD’ REBUKES OBAMATRADE” BKmpUT9y8R
“Iowa hirings suggest Donald Trump serious about 2016 White House bid” QPbkOEhijj via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1
Via @Newsmax_Media by “Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority” sB2ZogQUcz
Via @ArabianBusiness: “@IvankaTrump eyes new projects in Abu Dhabi” for Trump Organization QHqsF90sk6
\"@Karentalk:  @foxandfriends @kilmeade WE KNOW YOU ARE A PATRIOT..WE ARE GRATEFUL FOR YOU..YOU LOVE AMERICA..AMERICA LOVES YOU.\"
\"@OliverBooks: Best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far Tom Brady, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber\"   Big letdown fight!
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump To Blast Trade Pact In Radio Ads... FAGNWXq4Xo\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: Don't Give Obama Fast-Track Trade Authority t1bxsLakFH\"
\"@foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with  14lpNtixNX\"
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
#TBT With my friend @muhammadali ivJzZVTUfn
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare ; Medicaid. I will.
I was the first ; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare ; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
\"@klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade   Donald you keep saying you could fix this country! That would be great. Then run!!!\"
\"@jrondatampier: If Obama isnt able to solve Baltimore´s issue, no chance to solve China´s ; OPEC´s abuses. The World asks for leadership!
\"@FiveStarMagazin: Trump Collection is planning hotels in Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha and KSA #AHIC2015   ypfkWM8Cj1\"
\"@bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016  for President - YES!!!\"
\"@jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade I'd vote Trump,he's strong. He said,\" First I'd build a Wall at border\" Fire Weaklings in DC too !\"
\"@joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade  #TheDonald HAS MY VOTE......PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT\"
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
\"@Moseph81: “@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen 😳 SZUazUdyTk”\" Another great deal!
\"@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!\"
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
#TrumpAdvice Fox2rHNxHa
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” K5dG5hCBuO.
Via HT Politics W95amBywic
\"@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected 7dVRFRTAkR\"
\"@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
\"@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !\"
\"@atmaxh: Please run ! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!\"  Very true.
\"@NotNotTildaSwin:  Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man ; RUN.\"
\"@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage.\" No idea who she is, sounds dumb!
\"@NickDallman:  You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!\"
\"@kristofer_clark:  Get into office and tell CONgress \"You're fired!\" #trump2016 #timeforPROgress\"
\"@theJoannaRyan:  a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well ; will represent us well. U will win.\" Thanks.
\"@zrill:  just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016\"  Watch.
\"@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA\"
\"@cjwthefishermen:  \"I will.\"\"
\"@DavidNYCT:  We will!\"
\"@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !\"
\"@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.\"
\"@johnborntoride:  got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians\"
\"@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016\"
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
\"@ShalontaBowman:  You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
\"@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch bGcmnwI7f8
\"@velvet2708:  @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man\" True.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
\"@RKornackiPSU:  See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!\" Great.
\"@Draper33Paul:  I agree\"
\"@WWlood13:  for president!! Run and you got my vote.\"
\"@ValetaSue57:  DT please get in the race for President\"
\"@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! \" Very smart!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
\"@blissgal:  @BrielleZolciak Trump for President !!!!\"
\"@AaCeallaigh: Please run Mr Trump.  @AAcrowellt\"
\"@AAcrowellt:   he is the best person for the job\"
\"@RUSHLvR1: RT  \"@AAcrowellt:  if you run for president im voting for you\" Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#\"
\"@HaleighBrick:  See you on the 16th! RcItvTNBeH\" I look forward to seeing you!
\"@AAcrowellt:  if you run for president im voting for you\" Great.
\"@tiaffo:  @TrumpWaikiki Yes... ALL the WIN!....\"
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history BVsLbZTA46
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx @TrumpFerryPoint offers  fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  Mk4NX0PEd1
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors, just opened a new… D3vuKT8cux
Great story on @TrumpToronto in @globeandmail about our new Sky and Wellness Suites: xEEuFXvVTT
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava 0S110K4Hj7
Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
\"@puppyslug:   You will Save this country. No one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. YOU ARE THE MAN! #2016\"
\"@mindfreakeuropa:  @steveman905 I concur! Donald please run, the country needs you!\"
\"@mortimerzilch:  @steveman905 we don't know if Hil will get the Dem nomination. But Donald gives me hope.
\"@steveman905:  You really need to commit to a presidential run. You can beat Clinton!\"  The only one that can!
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
\"@HGswiney: Time for  to make his big announcement about how he's going to put this country back on track!! #Trump2016 🇺🇸\"
\"@JoshGundle:  Time we had a real president who gets things done. Cheers to the JFK of the 21st century! #Trump2016\" CUTE!
\"@tlfordxx: @AnnInquirer  ~~~Amen Ann...\"
\"@meltsch:  @peenerad What a sad lineup the republicans have, most we never heard of . They have nothing to inspire us.\"
\"@Antonio_Annesi:  You have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@xoleahjackson:  SO true! Much love Donald❤️!\"
\"@dcfoodsafety: Mr.Trump, I tell people I am voting for you. When are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing?\" WATCH
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
\"@TheButteryOne:  Oh god. I agree with you.\"
\"@colemandonna61:  SO TRUE DONALD !!!\"
\"@peenerad:  It needs to be done, Donald, these Republican GOP Candidates, just do not pass mustard. #Trump2016!!!!\"  True!
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
\"@_jacobsanders_:  cruising through downtown Chicago. Beautiful building! TdoXmRc8vn\"
\"@Stephanielk1:  please save our country!\"
\"@patmc454: DonaldTrump Quit lolly gagging! Announce you're running already! We need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world
\"@vargo0515: I believe its going to take that kind of tenacity, ; business sense get, AMERICA back up, and politicians have done nothing!
#MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing- cuN3EqY3OI
With 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms, @TrumpSoHo offers a wide array of AAA Five Diamond luxury options is7MQKdeE2
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Deportations are “plummeting” h7atQqDRNA while Obama continues to grant amnesty.
If elected, I will undo all of Obama’s executive orders. I will deliver. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
Looking forward to @David_Bossie ; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
Via @washingtonpost’s @goingoutguide by @timcarman: “ @gzchef open the National at the Old Post Office Pavilion” v0dF83ZlGK
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork and @TrumpToronto for the @WSJ coverage on perks in luxury hotels: wy6idgJC3c
Our amazing golf course @TrumpScotland V1Wz2qYUze
\"@AliWilbur:  @robinrn Mr.Trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. You must run\" @foxandfriends
\"@SFC17972: Hearing you is a great way to start the week! Country needs true leadership.Hope to see your name on the ballot!!\"@foxandfriends
\"@foxandfriends: Coming up at 7:35am/et,  joins us live!\"
\"@DavidSBaldwin:  will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? Have been watching but nothing yet...\"  Yes, 7:30.
\"@DdEeSsM: This planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome  in charge! #donaldforpresident\"
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
\"@fackinpeter: Can't wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #MayweatherPacquiao was #Trump2016\"
\"@gatorfan122752:  please run for president. We need you\"  Stay tuned.
\"@JLaudner: Republicans are working so my generation can achieve their American Dream: 3o4R6pUZrP #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@RobinRN:  What this country needs is unification ; direction, ; you're the one who can make it happen! Run, Mr. Trump, run
\"@tide_mann:  @TrumpLasVegas 100% agreed!!\"
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
\"@DillonJQuinn:  HOW DO I SIGN UP TO BE A CAMPAIGN VOLUNTEER?!\"  You will be called!
\"@MarySmi59722224:  please run in 2016!!!\"
\"@hillarysusans: @tedageejr People don't like it when  is right.\" For whatever reason.
\"@sparklebutt1947:  @Packerlegends yes and he WILL bring companies back to the US\"  True.
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
\"@kerri59:  @ZGreekDWstyle please. For real this time. We need you.\" Do not worry.
\"@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 For me, you are the only one that can do the job right, move the country forward ; bring about goodness\"  True
\"@BungWilliam:  if you dont run for president, i wouldnt vote! #Trumptforpresident\" Nice.
\"@NatashaOwnfan:  @RockinJoe1 Just let me know when we can start calling you President Trump, OK I can't wait.  Watch.
\"@ZGreekDWstyle:  Please run for president and save us from the fools.  Stay tuned!
\"@RULivingLife: I Agree.!!  Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- Donald Trump #quote
\"@ScottFConroy: Kentucky Derby? More like Kentucky Losers! DonaldTrump is only horse in race that matters for America! Strong, fierce, noble
\"@kyleraccio:  @rjispy Yes- Trump wouldn't owe anyone anything. Important!\" So true!
\"@lancebagley1: Be Bold....,And Powerful Forces will come to your aid. But you know this, Trump We're waiting. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@rjispy:  @GOP @TeaPartyExpress @FoxNews @TeaPartyOrg -Other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires, Trump does not have to.\"
\"@NatashaOwnfan: @RockinJoe1 I can't wait to find out yes or no, Mr. Trump is so brilliant, great at business, he can run the country\"Thanks
\"@RockinJoe1:  your candidacy would hit the GOP like a wrecking ball! Total game changer\"  Stay tuned!
\"@TpGraf82:  has never rushed into anything! We will wait on you! #Trump2016\"
\"@puppyslug: DonaldTrump: Mayweather is gonna win just like YOU gonna win Presdidency 2016 you R both WINNERS who deliver KNOCKOUTS!\"
\"@PianoBecca:  knows what it takes to WIN, just like Floyd Mayweather. He is STRONGER ; will overcome the WEAK!! #Tump2016\"
\"@RockinJoe1:  Look Mr.Trump, you could have a lot of support but people don't really believe you will run. Just watch!
\"@AndMySpace: IM NOT SURE IF HES RUNNING BUT I LOVE THE WAY HE CAN TALK;RUN A WELL OILED BUSINESS‼️🇺🇸HE CAN SPEAK SO ALL KNOW WHATS WHAT!\"
\"@lancebagley1:  @RockinJoe1 @upsetNavyVet It's not conceited, it's convinced. #Trump2016\"
\"@charleswhite816:  @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. Everything 1st class.  Thanks!
\"@chuckiscool: I work for Bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur NJ courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great!\"
\"@RockinJoe1: @upsetNavyVet  well at least the Donald's arrogance is warranted\"  So true, thanks!
.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
\"@rjispy:  @Sweettea2u Great! All @gop @TeaPartyExpress @TPPatriots @TeaPartyOrg should take the pledge not to vote unless Trump runs\"
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
\"@Sweettea2u:  If you do not run for president, I am not voting. People need to stop playing games and get real.\"
\"@calisunandsurf:  @Packerlegends Donald Trump would be an AWESOME president!\"
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
\"@CaseHoag: Just spotted Trump Tower in #Chicago. What a presence the building gives to the city! Props to \" Thank you.
\"@Packerlegends:  Trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money, not waste it.\" True.
\"@pkellyshock:  if you don't run I won't vote\"
\"@TonyInOkla2015:  @gen_yvette @markus_42 No more RINOs and fence sitters. We want Donald Trump for president !!!!!!\"
\"@BrendelFred:  @pam_rugan coolest building in Chicago. Didn't think that was possible. Trump run for Prez, plz\"
  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that ; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump\"  Thank you, nice.
\"@ColetonEmr: Really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. Thanks for coming to the Woodlands! :) 🇺🇸 \" Thanks.
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
.@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
\"@canoetravel: Plans for wind farm dropped at 's #Scotland golf resort: Klaf69uHet #travel #golf\"  Great news!
\"@LydiaNeu:  enjoying lunch at Trump Tower Grill. Your building is fantastic.\"
\"@pam_rugani: My hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. He said it was incredible! Here's his pic! wUJeTjAPVT\"
\"@Robby_Moreira:  If you became President we would immigrate to the United States of America. For sure!\" Nice.
\"@laurenthomasx3:  I can't wait for your visit to Greenville, SC May 9th!! Should be a fantastic event.\"  Great.
\"@gen_yvette: @markus_42  I'd vote for him if he were our candidate. I'd go door-to-do for him, too. I'd feel safe with him as President.\"
\"@albo9:  @gen_yvette Run Run what are you waiting for? Lots of support out here in york, pa. Willing to set up shop here for you..\"
Beautiful, thank you. jg3MUKDtp9
\"@SlimShiny82: Never been more excited for a potential candidate as I am with DonaldTrump He is the only person who can beat HillaryClinton\"
\"@StadiumJourney: Take a look at our review of Trump National Doral Miami, home of the @CadillacChamp nZokHmHvbF @TrumpDoral
\"@jorgey1_1985:  if you don't run then HilaryClinton Will WIN and become president, no good candidates on republicans side\"
\"@gen_yvette:  Run, Mr. Trump, run!\"
\"@sandersandrew:  Donald, you have to do it. It's the only way to save this once great nation.\"
“Trump: ‘Very much inclined’ to enter GOP White House race” wmWxsY9mYy via @McClatchyDC by @LightmanDavid
Thanks! qhWAbMZyOp
Thank you. NQv8hFvSSB
Via @DMRegister by @AP: “Donald Trump talks economy with Republicans in Davenport” gFMzH0yDAJ
Via @ConroeCourier by @StephenGreen91:“Trump talks 2016 run, jobs at @TXPatriotsPAC” TUPtn3RW0O
My @KWWL int. from @WartburgCollege discussing how politicians have failed us ; Making America Great Again! AGdG3PuEq5
Via @qctimes by @EdTibbetts: “Trump: U.S. getting beat up” VHGhMNFau2
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
\"@AmadorServer: DonaldTrump, get in the race and shut down the opposition. I'm ready for America to be great AGAIN. #makeamericagreatagain
\"@robertpatrick @FoxBusiness saying the day Trump declares Mike Wallace will \"take him seriously. You mean Chris, Mike was his great father.
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
\"@fabeshai: @CBSNews DonaldTrump the field looks very beatable for Hillary, Donald should get in the race. He is a true Reagan republican.\"
\"@yanicsimard:   ; @TrumpToronto for the retweet, love your properties and looking forward to your Washington DC new hotel\"
.@ThrillistChi named @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago one of the “best value Michelin-starred restaurants in Chicago” 6VjUwualVP
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels ; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
\"@BJKizer74: You should run as an independent and kick Hiliary's ass ; the wussy Democratic Republicans too! Just say no to RINO's!\"
\"@KeepCalmBC:  @TheView is a pitiful shell of its former self! ALL NEW hosts are needed! Just cancel it ; put it ; us out of our misery!\"
\"@KillingTime2015:  @NicolleDWallace @TheView clean house\"  Not W.G.
\"@j_middleton7:  please get in the drivers seat of this country!\"
\"@WeWantMitt2016: Like a kid waiting for Christmas morning,we're awaiting your announcement in June or July. #Trump oU0QiLo7Av\"
\"@Gmandunkley:  Hi Donald, spare a thought for little old guy here. I love your hair and wish I had the same.\" GREAT!
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television \"it\" - show no longer has ratings, dying!
\"@615realjg: Donald Trump Is The Only Man That Understands Life Right Now\" Thank you.
\"@markpryceagee: I believe Donald Trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the Republican Party. #Trump16\" I do also!
\"@ghostlyprep:  is amazing 👌🏻 you can tell me he's not when you're as successful as him\"
\"@circuspony2:  Did you see all the whites that were robbed ; assaulted during the riots, Mr President? #Trump2016\"
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word \"thug\" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
\"@SAlmashaifari: Donald Trump All American Billionaire FULL H2TdHceCQT via @YouTube\"  Wow, so nice - thank you!
\"@1MuskyHunter:  we need your leadership in this country now, please enter the prez ring.  pqvX79SrjW\"
\"@StaceyLambright: I had the pleasure of meeting  and hearing him speak a few times. We need to see him on the 2016 ballot!\"
\"@Djscotter: @IowaGOPer  Thank YOU Donald J. Trump for your thoughtfulness.
\"@DrJackFriedman: I'm so glad you are in it to win it. America needs to turn a profit. Enough with clueless, corrupt, bonehead politicians.
\"@KAWSTEEL: @TrumpDoral  @BrendaRigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! Great job\" Thanks!
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  ocSyTc4q2v
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
Met a big fan today! Gd3lroPnCr
\"@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you ; hopes to be the next Trump FZysqO594C\"
\"@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral  Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week!\" Thanks.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
\"@MLawts12: If  doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed\" I agree!
\"@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.\"
\"@jtruelove713: If  runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........\"
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
\"@Vanderpunked: Can we drop  off in the middle of #Baltimore so he can show Obama how it's done?\" I would fix it fast!
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters \"space to destroy\" - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
#TrumpAdvice HJDStXh9zq
\"@Eileenkelly14 @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside.\"
Via @bostonherald by @ChrisCassidy_BH: “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'” GDrXb3aDDu
\"@woofeous @WMUR9 @NewEngCollege  Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester.\"
My @msnbc int w/ @krystalball at #WHCD on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security ; Making America Great Again! LD2FarV2Vg
\"@BackOnTrackUSA  @PageSix @Mohris Semper Fi Donald !!!!\"
ICYMI, via @PageSix by @Mohris: “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala” vsdNEIJz1P
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
\"@haroldrschmidt:  @AndyBran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns\"
\"@ceovince: There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is  #TRUMP #Champion
\"@spirtualhappy: First thing I see when I log unto twitter is  #goodmorning trumpy\" Great.
\"@mrsabh:  well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. #Godspeed sir.\"
\"@dusty_radio:  U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!\"
\"@belllabooo13:  Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!\" @foxandfriends
\"@williamgardanis:  The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness\"
\"@jelliottkelley:  coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better @RepJeffDuncan\"
\"@NH1News: . is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on @WBINTV #nhpolitics #FITN\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Bless you Sir safe trip!!!\" Thanks.
\"@njoh1234:  @foxandfriends listening...good interview!
\"@chingaling3:  Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends  You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!\" Thanks.
\"@blayne_troy: @foxandfriends   Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison.\"
\"@AndyBran: @foxandfriends all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA:  great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!\" @foxandfriends
\"@jodi_mae:  If you run for president, You would receive my vote!\"
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
\"@artfIopz: Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
\"@_Sierra03_: Really hope  decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.
\"@petemsgt1787:  I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy\" True, but with zero talent. @NRO
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
\"@williamgardanis:  To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER -  DJT\"  We must MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
\"@Jackson_Tweets:  you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!\" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!
\"@ravgames: . Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like @JonahNRO?\" Because he is not good at what he does-@NRO dying
\"@gmbaku:  @littlevd23 @TSRowan Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious.\" Love those words.
\"@DoreenHunns:  We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight.\"  Watch.
\"@injebbin: Driving thru major world cities ; seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life. MwV73GyXCw\"
\"@littlevd23:  @TSRowan The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!\"
.@NRO  Not much is as \"dead\" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
\"@bean1227:  When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !?\" Stay tuned!
\"@JGibson271985:  @TSRowan I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire.\" Thank you!
\"@FuturisticUFO: Are you like another Ross Perot?  @CNN\" Bigger, better, stronger and richer!
\"@Patriotress:  @316Place @PGA_com #Trump2016\"
\"@PCS1776:  &lt;---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win.\"
\"@WeWantMitt2016: The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
\"@316Place:  @PGA_com changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful!\" Thank you, it will be even more amazing!
\"@JamesDriscolli: Awesome entrepreneurial advice from  #TrumpAdvice. That's how \"Greats\" are made. ABlA7WTts6\"
Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
\"@Hurry2live: #37years  finished building of 68-story  skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in @Hurry2Live app\"
\"@PGA_com: Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry: HR8wQ7coli 6Xs1bFNJgk\"
\"@AndrePretorius:  I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood\"
#TrumpAdvice YvxHjUwLz5
\"@ccarlen  get that Exploratory Committee to get some bumper stickers out to me!\" So nice, thank you.
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. \"Frost Wins for Trump\"
A beautiful article by @IvankaTrump on my newly opened golf course in NYC, Trump Links Ferry Point CXVtrO6YIs
\"@britanniagolf  Love the proposed changes for Trump Turnberry's Ailsa Course \" Thanks. It will be fantastic!
\"@FuturisticHub:  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES! MAKE IT HAPPEN!\"
\"@thembazoko1: : get Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines yesterday at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!
\"@ChadWeiske:  #4prez\"
\"@daveyhubb:  @la_loquita rescue our country…\"
\"@dcfoodsafety:   Your new DC hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #Trump2016 1bd5DumTYM\"
\"@rmutt_17:  @la_loquita All we need is TRUMP to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism\"
\"@TheAlexanderW_:I think your sign would look just as good on the White House as it does on Trump Chicago. #Trump2016 aYxvbTTUKr
\"@la_loquita:  working hard daily, and waiting for when you announce that you're going to make a run to rescue our country!!
.@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
\"@MaxMacGruder: The man who would've kept us right years ago, the man who will put us right in the future. The ONLY real choice. #Trump2016\"
\"@HargraveGlobal: The world needs a leader like  !\"  Thanks.
\"@JeremyManning36:  when do I get my #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns\" Cute, stay tuned.
\"@hansel_amarilla: “As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.” –Donald Trump, The Trump Organization President\"
\"@BillyMoeder:  is the only man who can get the job done in the Oval Office #Trump2016\"  I agree, thanks.
\"@Barbie_Brooks: “an entrepreneur’s ability to find strength when others want to run, hide, quit...” \"
\"@JarrettMKorn: All faith in the world that  is the answer for America, come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016\"
\"@AP_Politics: Campaigning in New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton says the US economy has 'stalled out.' g6PnF0IV9c\"
@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!
\"@sragens:  on my 2nd trip to Chicago, love your sign on Trump towers!!\"
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy! IQEUaq8cPe
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
It is time for DC to protect the American worker, not grant amnesty to illegals. Let’s Make America Great Again! u25yI5T7E8
\"@twincity1982   Please run for President, sir- America needs your leadership !!\"
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Fact – while Jeb was governor ; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Via @baltimoresun by @ErinatTheSun: “Maryland GOP book Trump for major fundraiser” FVjMy4moUq
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump says US roads are 'falling apart'” MhuHz1Su1J
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
“Trump signs lease for a NH office, returns Monday” NLJQb8BmZB via  @UnionLeader by @tuohy
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
.@ForbesInspector 5 Star ; @TripAdvisor #1 Luxury Hotel @TrumpToronto offers style, luxury ; impeccable service fl4mOb3NA2
\"@AMOakabr: DonaldTrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the American Dream is again! Ronald Reagan reincarnated!\"
\"@necprof: @NewEngCollege is excited to host DonaldTrump for a town hall meeting on Monday at 3 pm. o8C3ei7Sdp #fitn #nhpolitics
\"@Antonio_Annesi:  No doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #Trump2016\"
\"@rightjj: : I've to say that you're making sense in a lot of things especially on China! Nobody else dares to raise it!\"
\"@rightjj;: Should definitely include you in the polls! Why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?\"
\"@beauty_dhope:  you would be phenomenal in office,I am truly a big fan of what you stand for.\" Thank you.
\"@UsuallyBogey: Without  we will be stuck with Hilary Clinton. #Trump2016\" I agree.
\"@BigBrett45:  Mr. Trump your the Man!! Please run we need you!!\" Watch.
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@SoarMich:  @Ex369PPD people can say what they want about Donald, but he is trustworthy #truth\" Thank you.
\"@lorry_bennetti:  China has been laughing at the W🌏RLD for a long time ; will continue to do so!\"
@Ex369PPD  Thank you!
\"@hep102309: We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016\"
\"@IanArnold: So  has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.
\"@BestPhotosEver: You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016\"
\"@Politicalhit:  can't wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go\"
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again u25yI5T7E8
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
\"@ChrisCJackson:  YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!\"
\"@RDVarley:  @BretBaier congratulations. You area true patriot!\"
\"@ellemae63:  no surprise! You are the man!\" Thank you!
\"@Bane1349:  Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.\"
\"@warrencasselljr: Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  2016 will be interesting.\"  WATCH ALL! @BretBaier
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
\"@rwerhle: @JonahNRO  @NRO He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: “@TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speak” IF3kPB8IlM
Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: “Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz”\n  sDYF7yy5kF
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain vCuixB5TnC
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!  2oRfNj1wPk
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
\"@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with  on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews\"
\"@thehill: Trump: “If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again\" Jmuv3xe5nI #FITN OVNVNoW7tT\"
\"@rickyricardo722:  I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016\"
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
\"@AndrewWilkie85:  @smxtty_ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!\"
\"@y2ej72:  #VOTEFORTRUMP\"
\"@WSGbeme:  I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016\"
\"@SteveSGoddard: @smxtty_ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,\"
\"@Mr_president706:  please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.\"
\"@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!\"
\"@Olivianuzzi:  you are amazing\"
\"@JohnMarkowitz:  you are damn good\"
\"@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!\"
\"@themightylayman: Dear : You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
\"@scapesrus:  @smxtty_ U would make a damn good one\"
\"@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president\" Thank you.
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!
I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
.@JonahNRO You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...”  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons- RlJvPxuVvh
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let’s Make America Great Again u25yI5T7E8
\"@RonnieWNichol Just viewed the video of the changes to @TurnberryBuzz. An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular\"
Via @ConcordNHPatch by @politizine: “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'” JP9isP6SsF
ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the @NHGOP @FITNsummit via @cspan\n  MxCytMrSFW
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
Via PrZV7PChj0 Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal\"  v5Wrd9Hcyt
I guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @JonahNRO ; @stephenfhayes. Oh well, both mags are dying anyway. KzwmixmfW4
Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed! @edshow  KzwmixmfW4
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is..\"  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life ; politics—go get it!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
Via @thehill by @HenschOnTheHill: “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans” dNNRM5H8t3
\"@MSJACKIEWOW:  NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH@T UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.
\"@dalasner:  I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST\"
\"@IToldYouMonsoon:  @JonahNRO @NRO @BretBaier why does @greta put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons
\"@dalasner: Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!\"
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
\"@1smltwngrl:  Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!
\"@Slider6294:@NRO @JonahNRO To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start!\" I agree!
\"@ronbrown1970:  @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything\"
\"@fackinpeter:  i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #Trump2016\" Thanks
\"@rennie022164: @EastonWestwood @JonahNRO @stephenfhayes I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess!\" True!
\"@Brooke_Burton_:  Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!\"
\"@Slider6294:  @NRO @JonahNRO It has cratered since WFB passed away.\" So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it
\"@EastonWestwood: It's PATHETIC for @JonahNRO ; @stephenfhayes to bash  as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!\"
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
.@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one \"breakout star\" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
\"@suttera2:  They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices!\" True!
\"@jwt19723:  You need to Run For President.\"
\"@woody021072:   Nothing,  as they always do\"
\"@scapesrus:  Tell um to get out the check book Donald\"  Believe me, I would!
\"@scapesrus:  Tell um to get out the check book Donald\"
\"@ali_khalil7:  We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do!\" Agree.
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran ; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
\"@alexseeley73 @TrumpSoHo just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details.\" Great, thank you.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the @PGAGrandSlam. Gktsmo70Jc
\"@SkyGlideUSA  One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. #thetrump hotel. Our company loved it there.\" Thank you.
\"@ScottUdine  @TrumpSoHo Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC....\"  Thanks.
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as \"Best of +VIP Access 2014\" by @Expedia!
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
Thank you @JeffJlpa1 and @AmSpec for the wonderful and very true article, “Total Desperation on Iran” AufXRgiR9o
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
\"@BenjaminHowling: Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will.\"
\"@sven945: . Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!\"
\"@dryan5962: When we need hope  is just the person there to give it...#Trump2016 @foxandfriends\" True!
\"@ddobbs5253:  our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!\"
\"@moose_taz: @foxandfriends thinking  might be what this country needs a change from career politicians\"
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!\"
\"@robertpatrickmc: You should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning.
\"@Doctor_Platek: Come June/July,  will take the first step in the process of making America great again! #Trump2016\"
\"@hitwit_subroto:  @foxandfriends And I will be watching with great interest.
\"@kenbu1:  @foxandfriends Please run for President \"
\"@000HermanSJr000: You always do a #fantastic job . You are indeed a #businessman ; #magnate to #emulate.
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!\"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
\"@JetRanger69: @TrumpChicago  #MASTERPIECE #CHICAGO k1zD464xxt\"
\"@amir_ibrahim26:  I think u should run for president all small business here in Memphis the closing down because of tax\"
\"@lizboyle98: I think  would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class
\"@AndrewVaccari:  You are an inspiration! Best wishes from across the pond!\" Thanks.
\"@hillarysusans: @daveyh  Way more substance than you know. Best negotiator in the world. Iran wouldn't get nukes for sure\"
\"@kgregoryy:  are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? Big fan, but tired of waiting.\" Stay tuned!
\"@ToddRiddolls:  I believe if you run , you would win hands down! .... But, The expectations of you would be enormous.
\"@RedzuanRasul: , inspired others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you always are the leader.\" Nice.
\"@agpt73:  His books have helped me become who i am today.\"  Great.
\"@TFalomir: MR  You are an example of how to do what he wants.\" Thank you.
\"@hmackie11:  Melania as First Lady.. She'll go down in history as the most gorgeous First Lady EVER\"  TRUE!
\"@WeWantMitt2016: W/finance ;#negotiation skills like no one else,Trump would restore credibility to the presidency Ej6NRZ7TMy\"
\"@gochico:  @hillarysusans @GOP I don't think they are discounting Trump. He hasn't said if he is running yet.\"
\"@hillarysusans: @daveyhubb DonaldTrump @GOP He's very easy to relate to in person. If he takes the grass roots route, he has a great chance
\"@discjocke52: If the 2016 #GOP presidential field is so deep, why is DonaldTrump beating so many of their 'stars'? cOzcwtSRFh\"
\"@hillarysusans: We have a great field of diverse candidates for @GOP. Media needs to stop discounting  He rocked #FITN
\"@JWysocki91:  I just finished TIME TO GET TOUGH. Great read! #Trump2016\" Thank you.
\"@charlesfowler:  brings great debate and ideas to the #GOP campaign, RUN DONALD RUN!!!\"
\"@CityBlindsMIB:  With Mr Trump as top man in the World, Everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership\"
\"@BenjaminSakhai:  Big changes in 2016? You better be running for presidency! #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident\"
\"@JSongseeker:  Please run Mr Trump. l7iOYNRKEq\"
\"@drvanderbloomen:  --You may be our last hope.......................\"
\"@PopularPosters:  you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job.
\"@MJVictory:  Hi DT! I heard you on Imus ; you spoke w/clarity ; purpose. You're right, it's not a game, it's dire straits. PLEASE RUN!\"
\"@charlesfowler: We need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians, you would be a breath of fresh air #GOP\"
\"@PopularPosters: Our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth\"
\"@HarvardLaw99:  @CaudillAsh Announce you're running when you're comfortable with the timing.\" Great.
\"@CaudillAsh:  hurry up and announce that you're running already! 🙌🇺🇸✔️ #2016\"
\"@Alex_Boxwell: Just announce already \" Stay tuned.
\"@littlevd23:  Like the Nike Ad says Mr.Trump JUST DO IT! Run for President and give America what it needs..A true leader!
\"@Michael_Haz: Watched replay of D.T. speaking in Nashua today. He was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs, managing foreign policy.\"
\"@AlfredoeOrtega: Outstanding speech at the Republican Leadership Summit, Mr. \" Thank you.
\"@hillarysusans:  You rocked both events. The @washingtonpost knows it too!! Thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!!
\"@jaazee1:  My family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the Presidency. in past… wxgF4Hc8TQ\"
\"@Bigbillyp1970: YES-YES-YES  *2016-2016-2016*\"
\"@HarperArchitect:  good talk watched on c-span, intelligence.  Thanks.
\"@bluebirdiefly3:  I'd vote for you. I always felt you should run.
\"@S_C_mclane:  I would vote an infinite number of times for my man Trump! #Trump2016\"
\"@darbywelch:  #donaldtrump2016 BOgU7HZaUG\"
\"@kingkript:  @stephenfhayes trump for president\"
\"@bella270012:DonaldTrump The next man in Office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..I think you're the only one who can do it.
\"@TheBillyRobbins:  Run Donald Run....Donald Trump 2016\"
\"@tavbta: Thank you!!  really amazing\"
\"@stephenfhayes: Trump: \"I have made a fortune against China.I know all of the killers on Wall Street.\" Trump v China? \"China has no chance!
\"@stephenfhayes: Trump, on others who have spoken to #FITN in New Hampshire: \"With all the people you're listening to, you can forget it.\"\"
\"@SeddhmB:  i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the American Dream back!\"
\"@BoyerNick15:  2016 will hopefully be the year of the Donald!\"   Thanks.
\"@fackinpeter:  they loved you there #NHforTrump #Trump2016\" Thanks!
\"@landotalley50:  Answer the call,,just do it,,America needs you,,RUN!!!!\" Stay tuned!
\"@meltsch:  Good make a decision, are you running or not , we want you , but only you know if you want us .\" Watch.
\"@DNorrell: @stephenfhayes reform DC? haha joke. Only one close 2 being able to do that is Trump. \"
\"@susanhoffman24:  obviously!! #weneedyou #Trump2016\"
\"@RM_MMBtuGirl:  isn't it refreshing?! There's hope. Keep up the good work.\"
\"@MagicMan121:  Mr.Trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. I hope so..!\"
\"@ltodd14:  When are you announcing?\"
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
\"@FreedomsPatriot: @P4tR10tBoo @souperfan2012 @souperfan2013 @wolfman708 @dryheat115 Mr.  made 👍;👊 impression.\"
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
\"@jjblasvegas:  one word to describe @JordanSpieth Donald?\"  Quality!
\"@RealJesus33: Hey @espn, call  to handle your @BrittMcHenry situation. #firebrittmchenry rQkZOQ2CVX\" To harsh.
\"@Sebastian_Rey10: “@CNBC: Ford is planning a $2,500,000,000 investment  in MEXICO!!!!\"  The U.S. is getting killed!
\"@DrHardick: . @MLeitzmann @TrumpTowerNY love love love that wall. Memories forever! #architecture #nyc\"
\"@dmanhomee: I support DonaldTrump 100% for 2016! He is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!\"
\"@so_jason19:  @georgewillf Trump for president.George Will doesn't know business or what this young generation cares about\"
\"@BizMotivationTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!  #quote\"
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
\"@BretBaier: Tonight on the #SpecialReport panel we have @georgewillf, @ron_fournier and @JonahNRO. What a group of losers on your panel!
\"@Antonio_Annesi:  Run for president please! #Trump2016\"
\"@lmp999:  George \" Will you retire \" Please\"
\"@MLeitzmann: One of the 1st (; best) sites when 1st coming to the US @TrumpTowerNY Inspiration  m800V5c6l7\"
\"@ccrealty2: Friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ Donald Trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips\"
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
\"@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire » NKkwwloeLj A4DX8nG1Ji\"
\"@BretBaier: Don't miss the 2nd half of my interview with  over on the blog: v6ftE4InKb #FNPolitics\"
.@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
For America to be strong again, the ways of politicians must be put in the past. Let’s Make America Great Again!  jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @AmSpec by @JeffJlpa1: \"Exclusive: Trump Says Obama Shows ‘Total Desperation’ on Iran\" AufXRgiR9o
My @FoxBusiness int. w/Don Imus on not drinking alcohol, politicians being all talk and no action ; the border EfP0LClaOv
ISIS is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our Southern border P8arBncO0A We need a wall. Deduct costs from Mexico!
The Republicans are funding ObamaCare and Amnesty. Obama beats them.  jEgR6jSQ5J
\"@dennismurino:  every Americans dream #trump2016\"
\"@bridgetmarie89: Out of ALL the politicians in Washington, not ONE can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #Iran for being a Christian
\"@PALoeza:  America needs YOU. #trumpforpresident\"
\"@bryt1330: I get into so many arguments over #Trump2016  but I think he could ACTUALLY change this county for the better
\"@grizzlybear9062: DonaldTrump @L3nny85 Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in
\"@Kakatshozi: Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable.\"
\"@Lexie_Chadss:  #Trump2016\"
\"@M_Foresta:  I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.\"
\"@younggbon: I would easily vote for  if he ran for president.\"
\"@idiotninja24: @TrumpVancouver  I see you.... Looking good! #Vancouver KRgz3MUseb\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:  The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys \" You're fired!\"
\"@SamRator:  I must b out of touch- @tedcruz  ; @ScottWalker r my top picks for @gop presidential pick! #TeaParty\"
Great seeing @MarianoRivera w/ at @TrumpTowerNY for @EricTrumpFdn! voxkcptRf6. qsltrsG3WQ\"
\"@JetRanger69: jEgR6jSQ5J #DONALDJTRUMP  #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN\"
\"@JoeQuinn6:  America needs your leadership. Please run for President hnKDB76nH7\"
\"@L3nny85: Perhaps it's time we bring back the #American #Empire , Mista Trump  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@john_siracusa: Great hearing you  speak with #DonImus on @TheImusShow this AM. You enhance the dialogue on all programs
\"@4kmiddlebrook:  #WakeUpAmerica Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to #Win, He's also the only 1 to beat #Hillary\"
\"@kenuckio:  And we will call it Trump Wall\"  Fine with me!
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. It’s time for an outsider jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @WalidShoebat: “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America” SWE2lArIOV
With our brand new Tennis Performance Center, @TrumpGolfDC offers countless activities along with top courses FySChialfX
Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money ; nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting ; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016” BC62TkDE0o
“UPDATE: Trump plans public event at @WartburgCollege” 1Zg7rYkaGL via @wcfcourier:
My @TeamCavuto int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again qOYj0clN4j
#TBT Trump and Gekko- JhEKn4IoJf
\"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.\" – John Quincy Adams
Via @Reuters: \"Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run\" klB0J51kWl
Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall ; deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid! jEgR6jSQ5J
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime ; anywhere!
The top course on the west coast @TrumpGolfLA overlooks Pacific Ocean ; offers a luxurious public golf experience 0OjZCHMsUm
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
\"@michaeljacks_ag: Friendly Friday: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. #michael UQERQweGQF\"
\"@CNBC: 5 family values Donald Trump used to build his empire (op-ed) » NKkwwloeLj zX8xpd6QNJ\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump: I Would Simplify Tax Code as President sJb28oyMuV\"
\"@ThislsAmazing: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson w2Lby0QUcI\"
\"@The_Jeffryes: If  runs for president, my pride as an American will never be stronger. #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016\"
\"@calicombo:  @ALEKSMM ford is building a factory in Mexico.\" Should be in U.S.
\"@RickyRicardo223:  would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president.\"  TRUE!
\"@younggbon: I would easily vote for  if he ran for president.\"
\"@M_Foresta:  I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss #TheApprentice. Been a fan since the beginning.\"
\"@Helpfulcook:  let's get #Trump2016 trending like crazy!!!\"
\"@BestPhotosEver: I hope you'll announce you're running for President soon. America needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you\"
\"@Dinamico_7: 😒😒😒 Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President..\"
\"@lkoja:  is a true leader we need for this country ... #Trump2016\"
\"@CaitlynHarman: Melania would make a fantastic First Lady, she has the charm that reminds me of classy Jackie O #Trump2016 @MELANIATRUMP\"
\"@ALEKSMM:  I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!\"\"
\"@MirandaMattos1:  @MarianoRivera @EricTrump\"
\"@Bourbon_brain:   has  accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics\"
\"@CharlieG_DC: RT : Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.\"
\"@BethAndersonEsq: I watched your interview on Neil Cavuto today. Your fiscal policy as President would be better than anyone's! Go Mr.Trump
\"@SaraLevenson: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - \"
\"@therightnewz: \"I'm Looking At It Extremely Seriously\": Donald Trump Talks About a 2016 Presidential Run (VIDEO) wtwJ24zxWt\"
\"@garretdl: Please run for Pres Mr \"
\"@theqtan:  please run for President! The country needs you! #Trump2016\"
\"@nicolas_toscano: Booked a corner suite at @TrumpLasVegas with @MikeTokes for Memorial Day weekend  Sure knows how to make a nice hotel!\"
\"@NyamdavaaJ: You better run in 2016 for President and fix these problems,you can do this Donald!!! #2016 #President right @IvankaTrump😎?\"
\"@chip0tle_: @Stoic123  @m__a__w politicians know how to become president. Businessmen know how to BE president.\"
\"@JakeTiger25: @daveajstearns @djred678 forget both of them. Let's hear it for ma man \"
\"@erotao:  Time for an Entrepreneur President, not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll.....\"
\"@QueenBarbie69: . I believe in you. Go for it.\"
\"@JosephSchleider:  good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes
\"@isellbesthomes:  we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!\"
\"@NeilECollins:  If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.\"
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” DC4ERaL5Y0
Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President Zeazq1leLs
Via @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” UpURDegT8H
Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
\"@ericschiffer  A talented family led by the best. dd5Kg6zk3H   @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump\" Thanks Eric, so nice.
\"@Thutchy5  Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016\"
\"@topsurveys    @MarianoRivera @EricTrump such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio\"
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- kEpL3e4DU9
\"@daytonkreb   Come on Donald, #America needs you  #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016\"
\"@m__a__w    From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016\"
\"@WingsUnchained:   is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.\"
\"@MichaelEntrekin:  @MELANIATRUMP best day ever? I'd say yes. #Trump2016 6NFWX0iwpA\"
\"@LikeWhoa134: I just hope  is our next president\"  Make America great again!
\"@MrMet41: @bonn66  @rosannascotto #MrTrump isn't my guy, he is America's guy ! #Trump2016\" So nice, thanks!
\"@BWANAWOMAN: @kwrcrow  IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
\"@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait!  @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait
\"@pare900: @HAJMAJA  Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.
\"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier  His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.\"
\"@jeffreykid44:  @TrumpGolfLA u rock Don\"
\"@dashing1995: You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you.\"
\"@hdrenovate:  D.T. for president! !!\"
\"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
See the amazing views from @TrumpGolfLA located directly on the Pacific Ocean- Mg3gOuicY5
\"@mikey_likes_lt @SovAdjEast  @TrumpFerryPoint @UAGolf I can't wait to play this course with my Dad\" Great--enjoy!
\"@WildcatThad @TrumpDoral  I disagree only because Trump in Vegas was amazing!\" @TrumpLasVegas
\"@morangary61:  we need one smart PRESIDENT.. Trump#\"
\"@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters  America desperately needs leadership ; values. Obama is a disgrace. We need a winner, and that is Trump.\"
\"@scook5656:  we need Trump for President!\" I agree!
\"@CalebRapoport:  in 2016! this country can't wait any longer.\"
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
\"@lhcam: This country desperately needs accountability.  in #2016.
\"@CathyFuregno: Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have.\"
\"@Villesportslaw: @TMobile - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
\"@BobbyLCarrier North Charleston, SC   We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @BobCaldwellCHS\"
\"@J_Feeds03: Even if  doesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet. #Trump2016\"
\"@fackinpeter:  cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really \"make america great again\" #Trump2016\"
\"@Doctor_Platek:  you said it best: \"Let's make America great again\" #Trump2016\"
\"@MrMet41: @rosannascotto @HillaryClinton  The Donald gets things done #Trump2016\"
\"@foxandfriends: . on President Obama's statements in Panama: \"Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.\"\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @tshakro Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians\"
\"@mrsschiff2010:  @foxandfriends another great Monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithTrump\"
\"@AplemonLemon: @foxandfriends  that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!
\"@ShavaJu: @sternshow Please do another  interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!\"
\"@McInnis11:  saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition! #Trump2016\"
\"@tshakro:  should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician.\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
\"@10Thurst:  we need you as OUR president\"
\"@pare900:  Hillary must not win.. These other Republican candidates are nothing. You are the real deal
How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
\"@PzFeed: The glitziest jet in the sky. Donald spent $100 million on his Boeing 757. VIDEO: phiV9cFI2U HLn6tNyhY9\"
\"@gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa Run Donald Run!!! We are sick of stupid politicians who don't know how to run anything except a campaign!\"
\"@TheBingle:Only reason DonaldTrump would run for president is his love for country.He has everything already ; doesn't need aggravation
\"@Josh_leonard99: If America was as successful and planned like  we would be in good shape.
\"@slumpcityusa: I bet my mother  would be running for president this year... Let's see!!! #Trump2016\" Watch.
\"@DaveCC1109:  Mitt Romney didn't even know HE was running for POTUS.\"  So true!
\"@ScillieriJr: @alexskoog  if he can run america like he runs a business, he'd be a good president\" You mean great.
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
\"@Doug3P0: look, DON'T be a fool. VOTE for the right guy. vote FOR \"
\"@jamison1013gma1:  @burger__meister I pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run MR. TRUMP\" Thank you.
\"@Piratelover22:  Not to mention your wife will show this planet what a First lady IS! #CLASS #STYLE\"  So true!
\"@ClintonIYH: If the Republicans are serious about stopping Hillary... They really need to nominate \" I agree!
\"@CalebRapoport:  for president 2061!\"
\"@burger__meister: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary because I'll be voting for \"
\"@extra_deep: Hope  runs for president and fixes the mess Obama made\"
\"@carolled2001:  im so ready to have Mr  for President PLEASE\"
\"@MrMet41:  The Donald #Trumps all ! #Trump2016\"
\"@IzzyIrelandXXX: We need  as President. A great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it's feet
\"@BlessIsrael1948:  @mallhayden11 My Trump is a patriot.\"
\"@mallhayden11:  #Trump2016 u9Fkm1AyzE\"
\"@SamCadora: Take some of  that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet Jesus just run for President Make America great again
\"@nilsson_markus:  for president , everybody knows it's the best thing for the country #gotrump@PICA_59\"
\"@iamgerg:  best looking building in Chicago…\"
\"@zdavis14:  For pres #2016\"
\"@JandNsmaman:  you should really run mr trump. Republicans will need a strong candidate to beat Hillary.#Trump2016
\"@PICA_59: #Trump2016 \"
\"@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it! vLq3Uoteo7\"
\"@gracemtroupe:  so can u run! Please be our president\"
\"@pete_is_king: @PICA_59  is he running? If he is @HillaryClinton might as well not even run.\"
\"@MKBeattie:  vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!\" I agree!
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
\"@MKBeattie:  vs @HillaryClinton for the White House would make for awesome debates!\"
\"@dcfoodsafety: I will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that I do. I know my vote #Trump2016\"
\"@Purplite: Will it be @HilaryClinton against  ? Come on Donald, everyone's waiting.\"
\"@tam69sc:  waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so I can vote for you and rally others to do the same\"
\"@RichardAllen__: It Will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for  America needs your leadership!\"
\"@MrMet41:  #Trump2016 He gets things done !\" So true!
\"@Retume: I would vote  over @HillaryClinton.
\"@garycassard:  \"@washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office. Rain or Shine Trump Delivers!\"
\"@KnucklDraginSam:  @Chris_Owens1213 @HillaryClinton Yeah, first question, list your major accomplishments.  #Trump4Prez\"
\"@MrGamecock1: @sjketchen  @JohnLegere Well I would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved.\" EVERYTHING!
\"@sarzitron: The best part about  running for president will be @HillaryClinton losing. I hate her so much.\"
\"@ShaneJoseph: Can  please run for president just so I can watch him and @HilaryClinton debate. #goodTV\"
\"@washpostjobs: Who's excited for the hundreds of #jobs Trump is bringing to DC by restoring the Post Office into his newest hotel? We are!\"
\"@shannlyman:  the trump courses in Scotland are the best in the world! Fantastic few days playing them!\" Thank you!
\"@Chris_Owens1213: I would love to see how upset @HillaryClinton would get if she were in a debate against .
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
\"@TracyHolland1: When will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? Can't wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn.
\"@SoyerJanis:    @boris3324 Don't be so insecure because you KNOW @HillaryClinton will lose against Trump
\"@Trainor_Chris:  behind you Mr Trump. She's a Nightmare\"
\"@_SethMade: Folks not aware that  could sneak up ; be President in 2016.\" Watch!
\"@208Rocky:  announce your presidency. Make America great again.\" Stay tuned!
\"@KENofdfl:  @RealPro4Real @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner she's a dishonest and deceitful person. Trump, blows her outta the water!
\"@destiny_113: @JohnLegere if  says your service is terrible, it probably is. His hotels are the best, impeccable service.\"
\"@RealPro4Real: Vote for  ; Stop Hillary! She is running for Bill's 3rd Term! @politico @GOP @SpeakerBoehner\"
\"@Osorocks: After sitting in awful traffic,no parking (lots full) we gave up on car show today! Trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow
\"@Rosesroi: @FoxNews. Trump for President PLEASE! Your Interview on Fox gave hope again for this country. Will work on your campaign.\"
\"@TalkerNewYorker: I say Flag Day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety \"  My birthday, interesting.
\"@DOWNFALLOFUSA:  When r people going 2 wake up ; c that Obama favors everyone but Americans. Obama is our worst enemy.\"
\"@BestBergerEver:  Hope you'll tell America you're running 4 Prez soon! We need you in charge. #Trump4Prez
\"@wainainanjenga:  @Jackshallis the best president for America ever.\"
\"@TerriLeeD:  \"@daviddepuma:  TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! 🇺🇸 When is the announcement??? Let's go! 👍\"
\"@BlackandBlondeM:  for President 2016 ; @SenTedCruz for VP! NO more career politicians. @impetrio1 ; @BlackAndRight\"
\"@williamgardanis: Working class democrats ,Independents ,Americans that never voted before to decide this election LANDSLIDE MANDATE 4 DJT\"
\"@BestBergerEver: Mr. , I agree: T-Mobile stinks. Just buy the company ; turn it into Trump-Mobile! #Trump4Prez
\"@daviddepuma:  TRUMP for PREZ! You have my vote, Mr Trump!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 #TeamAmerica\"
\"@LouistheXVI99:  can't wait to see you on Cbs Sunday morning! #comeflywithme #Trump2016\"
\"@KraftyWurker: Some think Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until  gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister\"
\"@KraftyWurker: Some  Democrats think Rand Paul is a threat, wait until  gets cranked up. #Trumpmeister\"
\"@DanRebellato: . @TMobile I bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified.\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:Obama gave honor ; praise to the deserter Bergdahl but refuses the murdered Foot Hood victims military benefits : shameful\"
\"@Gingerxoxoxoxo: \": .@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.\"@VerizonWireless is the best\"
\"@MyIntersperse: Everyone including @JohnLegere knows @TMobile sucks..  - Why don't you buy @TMobile ; call it TrumpMobile?\"
\"@Jackshallis:  Donald Trump for president!\"
\"@philly_phily:  @TMobile   at;t is the best\"
\"@PrincessDaytura: @TMobile   Thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption, much respect Mr Trump. #Trump4Prez\"
\"@saints_74:  @TMobile i agree it is the ONLY phone company that doesn't give u service in central louisiana.\"
\"@tornadopain: @TMobileHelp   Just find @JohnLegere's hissy fit with  ironic, since yall have room to catch up\"
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
\"@bkrafttt: My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like \"
\"@JacobsenSusan:  LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!\"
\"@mjpomor:  @mayrazayago This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk\"
\"@Jcpcond:  @TMobile @JohnLegere T-Mobile sucks!\"
\"@mayrazayago: This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it! vLq3Uoteo7\"
\"@ElvinBerndt:  @JohnLegere Guess @rootmetrics @JDPower Had it right. @VerizonWireless has the best wireless network.\"
\"@Chris_R_2014: @WendyPeters What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great.\"
\"@tica1975:  @TMobile TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.
\"@Chris_R_2014:  Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!\"
\"@rozanakabashi:  @JohnLegere even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.
\"@JamersonHayes: Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.
\"@dcfoodsafety:  @JamersonHayes Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!\"
\"@CougarTrace:  @JohnLegere @naughtoriousBIG Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company\"
\"@Lex_Shep:  @TMobile @JohnLegere. Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile, bad service!
Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
\"@MikeandDawnNY: @JohnLegere I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs ; DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now ; Hillary the Liar\"
\"@JohnLegere: .@naughtoriousBIG  u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support\"  Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!
\"@LadyZales: You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016\"
\"@JamersonHayes: My man  is what a president should be\"
\"@toypilaVzla: RT \"@MrNicolasBell:  @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider JKJIjBFwmz
\"@cstace1:  has already won the election #Trump2016\"
\"@saugat_p:  speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS.\"
\"@housecalls1228:  Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote
\"@moeaa12: @JohnLegere  @TMobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix\"
\"@thegurleygirl: Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you ; the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016\"
\"@WeLoveTheDonald: DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!\"
\"@naughtoriousBIG: T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out!  for President! LKDIBk1Yo7\"
\"@MrNicolasBell:  @TMobile @JohnLegere @Verizon is the best service provider JKJIjBFwmz\"
\"@realliamager: LRT: never thought I would agree with  on anything. @EE @TMobile @TMobileUK\"  @JohnLegere
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
\"@glfceo: The best #custserv in hospitality is at  's @TrumpChicago hotel! Just super!\"
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it- uxooivGFIV
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today. qQcVWftNr9
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
\"@pctech181: For American prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24.\"
\"@SheriffClarke: With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN! CeZXdStDSP\" David, keep up the great work!
\"@NickBeII: Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed.\" Thanks!
\"@michaeljackson: #FriendlyFriday Michael Jackson with Donald Trump. K4exeDeX1Z\" Michael was very misunderstood - a great talent
\"@wiccanfoxglove:  will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong ; proud!
\"@tuckahoetommy: If  truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run?\" Yes!
\"@WarrenMarcussen:  @KBrocking I love your show though Donny, I'm a fuckung huge fan\" But our country is dieing!
\"@AutumnJuliaa: My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as  did at my age.\"
@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!
\"@anthonycl: . Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!\"
\"@KBrocking:  You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!\"
\"@JordanPolitics: Could it be @HillaryClinton v  for POTUS? #Hillary2016 #Trump2016\"
\"@GMCallahanJr: Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it!  #RunDonaldRun hChfoWBS9z\" Cute
\"@markraymond:  You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!\"
\"@gabriellebragg4: How do I find out where  is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one.\"
\"@KeatsBen:  President Trump just sounds right!\" Thanks!
\"@dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @NSHBIZSichko  he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey.\" True!
\"@MulletGang2020: Ok  i saw the interview on #FoxNews I hope you run!\"
\"@6aa9ce3efe0c468:  @BackOnTrackUSA you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track.\"
\"@JacksonHoleSue: The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the  right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!\"
\"@DebraAnnGW: @BretBaier  I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run.\" Thank you and watch!
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
\"@dawn_dunne:  @BretBaier watched, got me pumped\"
\"@jeffbenton1079:  back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport. a1A6mxbAnx\"
\"@MamaGlove:  Please tell Cruz ; Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers #RunTrumpRun #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@gamecockandrew:  thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow\"  My great honor!
\"@snugglebun31:  PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT!\" Watch and thank you.
\"@LaurenHayes021: If  runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!
\"@ITTRP:  @TaraHill5 Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter! aTuQMXOe16\"
\"@kyleraccio:  Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!\"
\"@jjnebraski:  as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President ; make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!
\"@dalley5:  I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!\"
\"@HoustonGunn: A Warm Welcome to #Nashville  today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle #Tennessee\"
\"@GameWeiver:  @ericbolling Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!
\"@kyleraccio:  Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN!\" Thanks Kyle.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
\"@enole28: @seanhannity When will you have on ?  Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
\"@BackOnTrackUSA: Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran \" negotiations \". Obama is a disgrace ; an embarassment\"
\"@5reedz:  Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
\"@kissangel864:  @TrumpGolfDC thats great and all but are you running for pres\"  Watch!
\"@Blitz2Fr: I won't rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself.🔅 #inspiration #RoleModel bqkvdIour0\"
Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' - FrtuGriGUo\"
\"@iamapatsfan: I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush.\" Would do a much better job!
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
\"@stevewest222: @greta @RepDeSantis  DonaldTrump Kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn't even know when he has a deal! Better call Trump
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
\"@slips60:  Looking in from across the pond, America needs you asap\"
\"@kissangel864:  @justariot66 we need some one like you. Are you putting your hat in the ring, i sure hope so\"
\"@Chm14Mc:  Trump Turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry\"
\"@coffee6666:  @RealSQUEZZ I heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8,000 week. Just watch!
\"@BradHeat:  is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. Keep the inspiration up.\" Thank you.
\"@teslu888:  We will vote 4 you.
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  HAS WHAT IT TAKES TO MOVE AMERICA FORWARD. #VoteTrumpForPresident\"
\"@justariot66: Rand, Cruz, Rubio next week. A hat trick of \"never gonna win\" Donald if you ever were for real this is the time.\"
\"@kwrcrow: @CommunityJC  I agree America is disheartened. I truly believe #Trump can turn this country around. He is the only 1 who can\"
\"@TtsincWard:  Go Mr. Trump we're pulling for you..\"
\"@travis_temple: Make America Great Again!  2axwZaacCI\"
\"@Forbes: Quote of the Day: \"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make.\" - Donald Trump 6CApIQUPZc\"
\"@Jpicc1:  Please DO run!! We need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current President has caused us!!\"
\"@EHarper69:  If you run you will win.. I've never been wrong. Just be presidential, not a salesman!
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders ARzEb16mog
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
\"@ColemanG81: I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016
\"@MyView001:  U sure could do a lot for the country!\"
\"@mccoykellen: I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of  vines.\"
\"@Finenco: Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before @TexasGOP @nytimes We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump
\"@sxeymoney:  for president.\"
\"@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump \"
\"@Brain__Quotes: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough. \"
\"@gegco: @seanhannity Great interview with @RandPaul It will b interesting 2 c if  runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.\"
\"@ckottlarock:  #trump4prez\"
\"@Amit_D_R:  @4kmiddlebrook I'm sure the American voters will say, \"Mr Trump you are hired!\"\"
\"@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
\"@JanineGreenberg: Meeting Trump  #TrumpTennis #woohoo Zk2iVTGK3C\"
\"@SportsTalkCSN: TONIGHT at 10 on CSN:@CHICKatCSN + @BmitchliveCSN talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia UXE7MaRiZi
\"@xwellLudwig: . We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump\"
\"@4kmiddlebrook:  is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !\"Thanks
\"@kyleRok: Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right. Df2h92l4a3\"
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
\"@laurasgoldman: . why is it necessary to comment on .@ariannahuff looks? Because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me
\"@tarashuman: DonaldTrump Thank you so much for your amazing HOPE message!!! I'm so grateful. #hopeisagoodbreakfast H3ts8iFuNe
\"@Reedgs119:  @cleopattrausa Donald you are the next Ronald Reagan. Make America great again.\" Thank you.
\"@kzieff:  just run!\"
\"@Realistboutmine: F.Y.I  Will make a excellent president He has what it takes to turn this county around he is Donald Trump for a reason.\"
\"@cleopattraUSA: Please makè it a 100% chance you'll run for President! 'I could make this country great again' hpbNtMEs2z@@\"
\"@Whatyouknowjr:  @Realistboutmine All you need to do is announce and we're there!\"
\"@Reedgs119:  agree 100%\"
\"@Realistboutmine:  for President please everyone vote in 2016 if God willing please we need him to help our country\"
\"@KeatsBen:  Donald please run for president! You need to show Obama how a real man does it!\"
\"@cstace1:  is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!\"
\"@ChipGates1:  @RollingStone @HuffingtonPost Yeah shut em down. Nothing but toilet paper\"
\"@jasonCwaite:  The BEST tweet of 2015. Agree? #Trump\"
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
\"@willgalloway_:  when will you announce your 2016 decision? Btw we all know you're running! #Trump2016\"
\"@toypilaVzla: #trumpforpresident  is ☞ triumph. Next year sounded the trumpets! GFrLERgqli\"
\"@ShapiroJD:  You should be on #SharkTank as a guest star. #Trump2016 #kingofthedeal\" Nice show!
\"@StaceyHunter10: DonaldTrump great brunch yesterday at Mar a Lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids RCNud40oy7
\"@susanbbossie:  Excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ Trump National in VA @serenawilliams ❤️🎾❤️ Best in world
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
\"@ISAACYASS:  I know you will do great things for the USA!\"
\"@Buster842:  The thought of Obama makes me want to puke. He is a big disgrace to America and all it stands for.\"
\"@MarianoQCasilum: PLEASE make it known now that you are a serious CANDIDATE FOR PRESIDENT. WE, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NEED YOU TO LIBERATE USA
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Via @ProgressIndex: “Donald Trump to deliver keynote address at annual Chesterfield Republican Gala” SB6yeYQvwP
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene Dunn: “2016 is the year of Donald Trump” F9KJ19vyJx
Miami’s top destination, @TrumpDoral’s remodeled Royal Palm Pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas SIje6b7rBf
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned ; well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual ; local rights!
#TrumpAdvice BulcK1EBSI
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
\"@majesticljp:  it's time for you to run for President of The United States, Mr Trump!!\"
\"@Doctor_Platek:  I believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again!\" You are right!
\"@somecooldad: @MrMikeCalta  for president\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends I always Enjoy listening to you Mr Trump!! You give great advice! God Bless!!\"
\"@maxine41823: @foxandfriends  always hear the truth from Donald gives honest opinion...always listen\"
\"@GameANew:  #Trump2016\"
\"@RealMetman:  nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote\"
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
\"@tijfbutler: Greatest Easter greeting ever RT“: I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!”\"
\"@Bamadad1985:  I hope u run for president. U have my vote\"
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
\"@BabyFuzz1969: Declare Your Candidacy! Right time, Right age, Right mind w/common sense, Right Leadership #RightMan #RightNow #RightVote\"
\"@golf_com: .'s NYC course just opened, and it is spectacular: 9GUspvZDFi 0gMvnr3LFa\" Thank you Joe!
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
\"@greta:  @hillarysusans I can hardly wait to do the interview when the Old Post Office is finished in all her glamour\"
\"@hillarysusans: @greta  That was such a great piece. Really enjoyed it!\"
\"@greta: @hillarysusans  I had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual OTR\"
\"@hillarysusans: It showed. He'll be up in NH for FITN. Can't wait to see him. Will tweet pictures to @FoxNews aw3t4Na7dM\"
\"@ohheyyhbayyy: One could only hope that  will run for president. Had enough of Obama's poor choices in office.
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Via @CBSNewYork: “@TrumpFerryPoint Opens In The Bronx” M3hXilcNNa
\"@4kmiddlebrook: #Everyone  is the ONLY one who can beat Hillary
Politicians are all talk and no action. Washington can only be fixed by an outsider. Let’s make America great again! jEgR6jSQ5J
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “Trump @TurnberryBuzz transformation on course” D22HrXA28h
Watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with Iran- gAdKBSkpzX
\"@OliverOmrf  Very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich  \" Great. Good luck!
\"@jleec Reading  Art of the Deal tonight for the 3rd time. Please run for president! #Trump2016\"
\"@MaryHodgins: For all the AMAZING people in the world with #Aspergers ; #Autism. @richardbranson  uXPg4wwR4C\"
\"@MichelleM: Praying for only more success for DJT. An honorable man who knows The Art of The Deal ; who would not make a bad deal w/ #Iran\"
\"@Scotspolfed: Friendliness, professionalism ; sheer dedication of staff @TurnberryBuzz should be pointed out to the boss 
\"@ArthurKade: Fun chatting w/ Derek Hough, Donald Trump, Zac Posen, Harvey Weinstein, Meredith Vieira and more KHbnw7gyHF\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Suffolk Univ. Poll: Trump Leads Cruz, Rubio in New Hampshire ioIrPqlqT0\"
\"@Tyrone_deverger:  I pray to God you run for 2016. You are the one man that can save the USA.
\"@kuhnl1: \": Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.\"\"
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” d9JLgqPxds
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: “Trump: You're Hired” Cgx4EO3afj
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” EUgOIXNC0M
Via @rcpvideo: “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” DNwlV3TjYn
\"@ronsonlocke  I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing!\" Thanks!
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen FZrWwW5D2l Great questions/people #FITN
\"@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint  Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him\"
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son uka2F9vTPL
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. lSlBGoX6UH
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
\"@19thWheel: @megynkelly  Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!\"
\"@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.\"
\"@CodiHart:  Saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. Go Trump!\"
\"@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor  I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read \"Art Of The Deal\"\"
\"@Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
\"@Will1957:  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.\"
\"@Cigartainer:  best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table ; r a true citizen.\"
\"@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!\"
\"@MichelleMeyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants \"death to America\" a reality
\"@LauraMontaguxox:  You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country!\" Thanks.
\"@cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor  Get in there and straighten this country out! 🇺🇸\"
\"@ChrisBiedermann: Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.\"
\"@tr123xyz:  Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. \"The smart guy\" is what this country needs.\"
\"@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!\"
\"@bridgetmarie89:  \"@foxesbA:  @oreillyfactor \"The Smart Guy\" I love that slogan!\"\" Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me\"
\"@nikkio:  Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.\"
\"@pinkdaisey22:  @oreillyfactor great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!\"
\"@hitemhard_42:  is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean ; Get it done. #RealBusinessMan
\"@Party__2016:  MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!!\" Thanks.
\"@wnapier99:  Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!\"
\"@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back  - he is a Patriot\"
\"@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. 
\"@wingchungun: 👉Trump👈 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... ; in ONE day!!!
\"@msft9:  @RichRichie725 good job on O'Reilly tonight!\"
\"@FakeSkiTeam:  That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!\"
\"@anniekineavy:  for president !! #thesmartguy\"
\"@FakeSkiTeam:  This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!\"
\"@marino_joanna:  @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.\"
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
\"@RichRichie725:  You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD\"
\"@EdRoc72:  will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016\"
\"@katmur23: Run  Run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor\"
\"@doehillmeme: I'm with you, !!\"
\"@agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v  Bill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying\"
\"@Chris_R_2014:  @oreillyfactor - We need Trump as President!\"
\"@J_SAB_:  for president !\"
\"@trhdesign55: Great interview  on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!\"
\"@foxesbA:  @oreillyfactor \"The Smart Guy\" I love that slogan!\"
\"@oledudstillgoin:  Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!\"
\"@MichaelTMorgan1: @oreillyfactor Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast\"
\"@StoneBreakerII: I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor\"
\"@STL_Blonde: I love you , you're an American original. Don't ever change. #oreillyfactor\" Thank you.
\"@christianlasval: \"What's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart.\" Hurry and run already, we need to get smart
\"@southsalem: I'd vote for  b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor\"
\"@kicknback123:  is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor\"
\"@jesseaazar:  @oreillyfactor Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!\"
\"@MarianoQCasilum:  PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!\"
\"@JohnA553:  Don you have to run\"
\"@GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want  to run for president.\"
\"@Beyon: @oreillyfactor You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?\"
\"@williamgardanis:  The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP\"
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
\"@MegaPandaduck:  @oreillyfactor We desperately need another great president. Come on Mr. Trump, America needs you!\"
\"@Cherelynn:  @WeLoveTheDonald I would support you if you were going to get in the race\"  Thanks.
\"@KhadeejaNicolle:  Your exactly correct. Don't let me down by not running for President!\"
\"@WeLoveTheDonald: You can count me in! Why do you think I'm @WeLoveTheDonald? Because I believe in you and trust your judgement!\"
\"@donniewilmoth:  I hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy.\"
\"@GiamattiJenna:  @oreillyfactor it's going 2 b good\"
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
The right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. Let’s make America great again! jEgR6jSQ5J
“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL ; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Via @FoxNewsInsider as seen on @foxandfriends: “Trump: Iran Nuke Talks Should Have Taken One Day” S9ZKRNLaL0
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
\"@Ajcarpenter0 Hoping to see  in office for the next 8 years #Trump2016\"
\"@Tom38Ts I wanted Trump to be the President in 2012 the country needs Trump to be the next president in 2016\"
\"@marioraez1: Just came back from Chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! Best looking one in the city. Class and luxury all the way\"
\"@thembazoko1: \": We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player\"\"
\"@FunkyFakir:  Donald Trump and Condoleezza Rice. What a ticket that would be! Fc4EB3gvda\"
The border is wide open for cartels ; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall ; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
My @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation with @JoshMcElveen discussing leadership, China, healthcare ; veterans 85z3kFCDwt
Via @gazettedotcom by James Q. Lynch: “Trump to run typical caucus campaign, ‘but bigger’” y2IdrfYZML
“US tycoon Donald Trump in talks with Ryanair to bring more flights back to Prestwick Airport” 9zLfXM3U4B  via @Daily_Record
Wow, what a nice honor!  93Gdz6T0MF
Via @CBNNews’ @TheBrodyFile: “Poll: Donald Trump in GOP Top Tier for President” iuivomm565
“@TurnberryBuzz the jewel in Donald Trump golfing crown” xIsrimoOT0 via @TheScotsman by @DempsterMartin
\"@mysticmimsy:  @JavaMedic I tcompletely agree. Trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #TrumpForPresident.\"
\"@Politcswatch:  I would call what the Obama Administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends\"
\"@foxandfriends: . calls out those negotiating with Iran on a new nuclear deal. FR7y4IPvct\"
\"@JavaMedic:  You know we are desperate, so time to announce #TrumpForPresident. #foxandfriends\"
\"@LooneyTunes002: I am tired of  thinking about it- just do it. The country is a mess. Politicians will only make it worse.\"
\"@Tom38Ts:  please run for president this country needs a real leader please\"
\"@danowiggins:  I always enjoy your straight talk. I'm afraid America can't handle the truth.\" Perhaps so!
\"@THETAINTEDT: @foxandfriends  Trump 2016 UlQWGKUrCJ\"
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
\"@nathanmporter @TrumpToronto  Congrats!! That is an amazing accomplishment!! Well deserved... #Toronto\"
\"@IndyBuffaloJim @TrumpToronto Doesn't suprise me one little bit, look who is running luxury Donald Trump that master of what people want :)
\"@CahlRStorrie  Everytime  comes to Scotland, it's always sunny. It's not often for the sun to be out in Scotland\"
\"@shepherd_connor Great to see the future president back in Scotland. He is going to make Turnberry a very special place once it's finished!
The road to success is always under construction.\n-- Arnold Palmer
\"@sammybo73392412 @AaronMcAllorum  I passed by yesterday while driving down the Whitestone bridge. What a beautiful sight\"
\"@littlevd23 @AaronMcAllorum @NYC Like anything Mr. Trump puts his name on simply amazing!! The Bronx needed the Trump touch!\"  Thanks.
\"@CraigHume Off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @AyrshireChamber dinner. Looking forward to seeing  ; hearing his speech!
\"@EntourageUK @AyrshireChamber looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from  #ACdinner15\"
\"@DOSMTurnberry Look forward to hosting clients ; guests at the Ayrshire Chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker \"
\"@RoddyDunn  @AyrshireChamber big things expected from tonight's key note speech :)\"
\"@KellyMorrisLtd  @AyrshireChamber Sad to be missing it. Huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! America's future president\"
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber
\"@NathanErbland   I agree------&gt; The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege! \"
\"@henry4_graham   Fantastic advice as always.\" Thanks.
ICYMI, via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: “Donald Trump to give Iowa speech on education” wMiAjx0e8m
“Faster And Cheaper, Trump Finishes NYC Ice Rink @TrumpRink” s0EF3ZSnWJ Gov. can be efficient w/leadership ; business acumen.
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
\"@Jeff713Jeffrey @FoxNewsInsider I don't care what anyone says I'll take Trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!\"
Looking forward to speaking @nranews Convention in Nashville Y6VYva0Gn8 The 2nd Amendment is a right, not a privilege!
Flashback @FoxNewsInsider July '14:“Trump: Bergdahl Swap Another Mistake By 'Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight'” GGxwFvQjwc
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.\n-- @jacknicklaus
\"@bluesmanSINY   The Donald for President. Big YES! The Country Needs A Leader\"
\"@paul1994loan  You would be the most straightforward Prez weve ever had. I dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter\"
\"@Wastehe   @ACCronin8  We need a Trump card in the white house. You can make this country back to the way it was!\"
\"@ACCronin8  Trump for president!!!\"
\"@AmazinHOF The more I read about  the more I want him to be President. His directness ; honesty just makes sense.\"
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
\"@aspieprobs:  #Trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote.
\"@xxjennypennyxx:  Super excited to be spending Easter in Doonbeg🙏🙌 #Spa #irishgirl #Donaldtrump #lovetrump #Ireland
Via @FoxNews: “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite” xEZDajloOF
“Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- \"Empire\" -- @Macys \"Because every man has his own empire to build'” LBk4XIr1FO
\"@BrendanMalakym  First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, ; experience is the right word\" Thx
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy ; making America great again xEZDajloOF
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts” 4ya9KJruxE
Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” E7KnHSxrkT
via Lw28bfjJdP: Only one man up for the job of president  zIxfJ4SHrm
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral  G4z5rlqDhj
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
\"@HaKolBzman  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around\" Thanks.
\"@johnny4arizona: A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016\"
\"@johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016\"
\"@cptnloco262:  Watching @greta right now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!\"
\"@Gibbons2012Alex: @MELANIATRUMP  id vote for you..\"
\"@brianstoya:  For POTUS #2016\"
\"@DrueBuono:  Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it\"  You'll see!
\"@GreatmakeupKate:  @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have\"
\"@tgainesgirl:  @WeLoveTheDonald I totally agree I almost cried watching @greta interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America\"
\"@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about  private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet.\" Thank you.
\"@15pinnacle: I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it's beautiful!!\"
\"@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow  the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.\"
\"@WeLoveTheDonald:  What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!\"
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
\"@iBusinessLounge:  and Parlux Fragrances Partner To Launch Second Fragrance For Men. #iBusinessLounge #Business\"
\"@Belle_2016: @greta I would vote for  for President with @marcorubio as vice president. That would work for people in Fla.
\"@Jdwillms1Jeff:  You are the best choice to turn around the country.\"
I am on @greta now!
\"@josephangel247  So true after reading the Art of the Deal #AMustReadBook #GoodAdvice\"
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
With @greta in Washington, D.C. Old Post Office under construction. Tune in tonight at 7PM EST! tzzTn3uDYS
\"@JJ55334767  Please save America! The country has over $18 trillion in debt!  q0EXmWjaVr\"
\"@Stevieboy_63 @TalkerNewYorker  @5gentexan  Hi Katie, let's get Donald Trump in the WH. He's the man to get this country back in order!\"
\"@TalkerNewYorker @IndyBuffaloJim @greta Mr. Trump IS \"Mr. NYC\" Let's make him \"Mr. President\"  I am ready to work-it to get you in!\"
\"@IndyBuffaloJim @greta I remember visiting that building a real jewel I am proud of Donald once again stepping up to make America Beautiful
Via @dcexaminer by @eScarry: “Donald Trump: @HuffingtonPost 'a very dishonest organization'” roM3MKB8wn
My @FoxNews @megynkelly int. on why I am considering running for POTUS, negotiations ; making America great again y5aiY0G9B7
\"@MauiJano You have my presidential vote! We need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial  repair to America!\" Thx
\"@Lisaowens1989   please run for president and get our country running better!\"
\"@poolsharkNC: @GolfDigest Great! @TrumpScotland  I can't get enough of that fantastic place. 3zWxllOgST\" Thanks
\"@Kev_360 @GolfDigest Agree. Especially when  @TrumpScotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest\"
\"@PAW1015:  Mr. Trump, please run. You'd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270\"
\"@MariaFotedis: Please run  you will win. We need you\"
\"@JNOBOA23:  this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!\"
\"@DebrachoPaola: Donald Trump is the hope of America!  \"
\"@SimsDaniel: #Trump2016 Please! \"
\"@SanStar_eMedia: Heard  might be running for #president. Think that would be pretty cool actually.\"
\"@_ayley:  you would be doing our country a favor by running for President. #Trump2016\"
\"@vagpoop:  Heard you on 770 today. You should run. #FORREAL\"
\"@JustSoldCom:  trump has a very good chance at 2016! We need you Mr Trump, The US needs you!!\"
\"@johnhmaddox: Listening to DonaldTrump interview on @SavageNation. He's so far above the rest of the field as a practical, realistic leader
\"@MichaelEntrekin: At this point, every arrow points your way.. We need The Don!! #trumpforpresident We need you, sir! Run! #betteramerica\"
\"@DoremusJ:  You're my dream candidate. I hope your exploratory committee agrees. If they don't you should fire them.\" Cute!
\"@Eerbnagrom: @megynkelly  my 2 favorites!\"
\"@NJunger_19: Has all he could ever want. If he runs for Pres, then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again.\"
\"@PG1701: “@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed Cruz running becos I don't like anyone cept .”
\"@NJunger_19: @GingerPascoe  Exactly. Thats y i said ive never voted REP but i will if Donald runs. REP or not, he gets it.\"
\"@nick_bailey: Can't wait to see 's miraculous border fence when he's elected President in 2016!\"
\"@DrewPalmquist:  for president 2016!!\"
\"@anon_thom: You have my vote \"
\"@joelleangeli:  I'm patiently awaiting a big announcement... #Trump2016\"
\"@DinoPetrongolo:  2016\"
\"@SCOTTMALOUFF:  you have to run!! Your next!!\"
\"@CVergara32:  for president\"
\"@Matt_The_Stud:  you have my vote if you commit. You know what you can do. Give your people what America needs.
\"@luisaorozcov: My dream!  is an example of life EBvEeowjKL\"
\"@vidortwitt:  plz run for President and get this country back on track! Plzzzzz!\"
\"@fackinpeter:  this country needs you!!\"
\"@ColinSWood: 1) I will vote for you \"
\"@marko0524:  Run Donald Run\"
\"@NJunger_19:  Ok Ted effing Cruz is running. Come on Donald. For the love of God run. NEVER voted REP, but I WILL if u run.
\"@JaayZen:  @chriswerner1988 Run Donald Run! @seanhannity\"
\"@brianjohnson4: When you become President, who would be the secretary of the Treasury? No one can run a business better that you.\"
\"@BasilicaCEO: Annoyed that Ted Cruz announced he's running because I don't like anyone except .
\"@alorcafesocial:  @BellaNYCMag love YA Donald!!\"
\"@foxrocks2012: \"@TrumpGolfLA\"@Daniel_Logan \"Amazing double rainbow above the course\": \"xG0cDntP1x\" A Good Omen for DonaldTrump
\"@JeremyTheDrift:  please run , you are republicans only hope 🙏\"
\"@raymeem: @megynkelly  I see Donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.He sees naïveté of America vs China
\"@lancebagley1:  Lend Us your Steel. Run. Run. RUN. #Trump2016\"
\"@am_burns13: Currently rooting for  to announce his 2016 campaign\"
\"@chriswerner1988:  Make the announcement June 14th !\"
\"@belllachay:  Please tell me you're going to run for the BIG one...PRESIDENT! USA needs you! #AllTheWay #VoteTrump\"
\"@ULTIMATE_TREE:  Donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do.\"
\"@cclkm:  @megynkelly Run Donald Run!\"
\"@Wastehe:  @FatRotty well  make an announcement. I love you and I want to see you do it!\"
\"@FatRotty: I can't wait for  to beat Ted Cruz down in a debate. #Trump2016\"
\"@megynkelly: #KellyFile behind-the-scenes: Here I am with  on set! He joins me at 9p ET – tune in. QUVZt6NceC\"
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
\"@ArsenalHobbo Just finished watching celebrity apprentice  @IvankaTrump on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause\"
“In N.H., Trump says his business experience would play well in government” UbiLFwmcyK via @ConMonitorNews by @AP
ICYMI, “Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception” iccd40yKLg via @wmur9
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: “Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June”\n  7ySp5oGugR
\"@JoanSlavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich Simply BRILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations\"
\"@greigaspinall   great show! Shame we are so behind in the UK. The 2011 season just finished! Well done @johnrich\"  Thanks.
\"@CahlRStorrie I think  is the only reason I watch Fox and Friends. Honest man he is.\" @foxandfriends
\"@suddy25  just watched celebrity apprentice in England. Wonderful. How did you choose between them. Whole prog was great. Thank you.\"
\"@JohnFulthorpe: America needs  He is the only one who can save us from the Leftie, Liberal Fascists. #VoteTrump\"
\"@NeilWipperman: @foxandfriends  @tedcruz Go Team Trump!\"
\"@chingaling3:  Praying that you have a productive day. Give God thanks. He gave you the ability to succeed.\" Thank you.
\"@belllabooo13: @foxandfriends  great job Mr Trump lots of great ideas!! Looking forward to hearing more from you God Bless!
\"@StephenMangan: Enjoying 's thinking face MY3fT6k2I9\"
\"@duranshingange1:  i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life.\" Great, you will be very successful!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
\"@KirstyDace: A brilliant weekend at Turnberry. Polite, friendly staff, delicious food and beautiful setting.  eANOCOO6QJ\"
\"@JudyBaldasaro: It was a pleasure to meet Donald with Rep @Al_Baldasaro ; I at VIP Recept in Amherst, NH #nhpolitics pNxEacFIpz
\"@BellaNYCMag: “You have to think anyway, so why not think big?”  inside the pages of our #Spring… 324FollwQG\"
\"@TylerLeeSmit: I found a few of your buildings in Busan, South Korea. They're looking clean and beautiful. Keep expanding the empire!\"
\"@JefferyAArnold: #TedCruz for president? Haha. Really @tedcruz? You should run as support for , not as a candidate.\"
\"@TravelBabe78:  You will have my vote. #PresidentTrump\"
\"@wizardofwords: @VictoriaJacobs @TrumpToronto  Yes, I loved it! Close to #UnionStation for train travellers, which is what I was. #Toronto\"
\"@JJJ2323: Treated myself to a few nights in Trump Tower in Chicago. All I can say is ..WOW. You know how to look after your guests\"
\"@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for  in a heartbeat!!!\"
.@MiamiHerald discusses our @TrumpCollection #TrumpPets program @TrumpDoral: Z79GxMsbWk
\"@dulcifybp @seajay2uk  @VisitAyrshire what a great credit to Donald Trump\"  Thanks.
\"@SamDoyle12  Thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful\"  Good luck.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\n -- Winston Churchill
\"@RaffleWinner  I can't decide if you will be a great President or the GREATEST President! #Trump2016\"
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles fronts the Pacific Ocean and has an 18 hole Pete Dye course. Beautiful! Gktsmo70Jc
\"@moniquehorsey  I really love and admire 's high level of work ethic ; motivation. Very inspiring to entrepreneurs!\" Thanks
\"@zaneypeterson   you have my vote!\"
\"@john_siracusa  @Boarcane \"President Donald Trump\" would be an awesome presence in #America ; and we regain respect.\"
.@TrumpSoHo New York has interiors by celebrated design house Fendi Casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. exnWuXuPwA
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point, an 18 hole public golf course in the Bronx, New York, is opening soon! XovcybFo0P
\"@HORPTyler  While I'll miss the Celebrity Apprentice Season 15, I think it's great that  will try for the White House.\"
\"@Smilin_Smuggler  You have my vote! #trumpforpresident #Trump2016\"
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower, New York has the perfect Manhattan location ; @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. \nyeFArpJy8H
\"@yo_rocky Right now... I would vote for  for president.\"
\"@TalkerNewYorker  I love the Trump Family. They have done so much just in #NYC, how lucky other parts get to benefit! #GoodFamily\"
\"@LittmannRaymond  He would be a GREAT PRESIDENT and we need him to represent and protect America's interests worldwide.\"
\"@annmcg01 @rosannascotto Much as I will miss Celeb Apprentice, we need a real President! I'd vote for him!  Love to see him on #GDNY\"
\"@matt_med  Trump 2016! Has a nice ring to it! You have my vote! Please run!\"
\"@littlevd23  @rosannascotto  He is what this country needs! Mr.Trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the USA respectable\"
\"@nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! I'd vote for  in a heartbeat!!!\"
\"@Boarcane: DonaldTrump We need you to run and WIN! A true patriot with only the country's best interest at heart. 6LIcHFMx2G
\"@aozsvath:  Please Run for the president, and make America great again. Americans worked too hard to lose their country!!!\"
\"@rCoolJR:  #Trump2016!!! You got our votes!!! Make it happen!!\"
\"@JLogossoComedy: I've never voted... If  runs for #President .... I'm voting for him\"
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-WARAdFgrrF
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!KMaHBBQLXU
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  \"Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.\"
April is Autism Awareness Month, join\n me in raising awareness - get your\n “Light It Up Blue” sign here!\n #LIUB qezWONTCcE
\"@WillAA99:  For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
\"@MyTime28: @FoxBusiness  I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense
\"@MidvilleB:  Please run ; save this country\"
\"@vinceconley:  woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016\"
\"@ezika101:  #Trump2016 #jobsmatter\"
\"@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
\"@thatjguy92: Mark it down  has my vote\" Great!
\"@TMAC7771:  run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again\"
\"@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver  Trumpy really loves the Irish!\"
\"@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland  Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.\"
\"@playazball: @JoshCalebKing @BestBergerEver  and the Irish love Trump! ZAYbGq0RUe\"
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
\"@SamDoyle12  when discouragement comes in the business, what would be your suggestion?\" You have to expect problems. Keep moving forward.
\"@Jack_P_Ivory  I'm a #trump fan even though I live outside the U.S. but I like what I read and see from him. He takes no BS!\"  True!
\"@myhealthcoach1: Your C-PAC speech 2015 was presented so clear, straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob US has!\"
\"@AnitaMarkdjones:  agree , he has my vote !!\"
\"@Jack_P_Ivory:  is the only person alive who could clean up the mess Obama left us.\"  True!
\"@craigmacwilson:  'Run Donald, RUN!'\"
\"@1a0e358348904f5: We need a president that can get America back on track and get things done!  for president!\"
\"@grahamclark: Is it just me or does  seem nice?\"
\"@jcosmofisher: If Donald Trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. We need to get this country turned around\"
\"@Mayhemsolis  any tips on staying motivated?\" Keep focused on your goals. Think about them daily-- ; don't lose momentum.
\"@SamDoyle12  when starting a business, what is the most important aspect?\" Find work that you love--be passionate about it.
Trump National Golf Club Bedminster, New Jersey, has courses designed by Tom Fazio ; 16 acres of practice facilities. 4HukFLVHkb
\"@StuartY19  Celebrity apprentice is great, got right into the series, big fan of it now!\"  Great!
\"@fc61e7ca3dac404:  a great candidate for president! H:-)ope with my heart u run! Our country needs u\"
\"@JenninBoca: I enjoy seeing  on @foxandfriends. \"President Trump\" has a lovely ring to it, I think. #TeamTrump @FoxNews\"
\"@fackinpeter:  you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win\"
\"@fackinpeter:  @foxandfriends i cant wait\"
\"@foxesbA:  @foxandfriends My favorite part of the week is listening to you on Monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
\"@EdgeCGroup: Back in #NYC for a HUGE week meeting our partners. Staying at the highly recommended @TrumpSoHo \"
\"@seajay2uk:  @TurnberryBuzz Beautiful sunset of lighthouse and Ailsa Craig. hrLtFqPZDO\"
\"@Dhami98Devin: As a 16 year old young man, I am very impressed that I haven't been able to put down 'The Art Of The Deal' Great book!\"
\"@BritLizHilton: #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr don't follow me but he has children to be proud of. I really admire \"
\"@donnalee57:  yes sir, wish you were President with decision power to lead this Country back to greatness\"
\"@approject: Via @Pulse2016: Taking  Seriously Fk5fqG7TW4 #TCOT #CCOT\" Very interesting, check it out!
\"@NagwareXBL: we need  for president\"  So true, thanks!
Boy did Pharrell ; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard ; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts ; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
\"@SalamifiedRBX: Omg  for president please\"
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, \"Donald Trump.\" Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
\"@team6Q: “Watch, listen, and #learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.” - Donald Trump\"
Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C. will be one of the world's top luxury hotels 5WbRYtT23g
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
\"@dennis_goins:  What are you waiting for? Run! The country needs you! It's now or never! We need leadership!\"
\"@newhopenchange: Reading The Art of the Deal for the 4th time over 18 years. Motivational and educational in different ways each time.\"
\"@HGswiney:  is more than an entrepreneur... He's an American icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016\"  Thank you!
\"@monkiekaty:  @russiannavyblog @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Yes! Yes! Yes! Trump for President👍
\"@SecondToNONE8: The White House is waiting for you to move in, Mr. Trump. \"
\"@russiannavyblog: @Joe3957 @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews If there is anything America desperately needs, it's a Trump run!\"
\"@CharlesGerace: Can't wait to play @TrumpFerryPoint this April. Tee time already booked. Thanks  for another great course.\"
\"@W_O_R_L_D_USA:  would win any presidential debate. Trump for president!\"
\"@Joe3957:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Do it.\"
\"@gsspike:  @jwil444 @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews He's the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count.\"
\"@monkiekaty:  @AlorAcai If Mr. Trump runs for president, we will vote👍\"
\"@jwil444:  @DNorrell @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could\"
\"@AlorAcai: #GoodAdviceIn4Words Vote  For President.\"
\"@MeetinLongBeach: @TrumpGolfLA @RepostApp @PGAGrandSlam Looking forward to welcoming this event to the Greater #LongBeach area! #MeetinLB\"
\"@momtoheather: @TrumpLasVegas  great Hotel!! Stayed there twice.\"
\"@DNorrell: @greta @StateDept @FoxNews Trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. \"
\"@CalhounDeane: Say what you want about  The Apprentice is SUCH a career saver for so many people!!! #AbsoluteIcon\"
\"@JorgeQB22: \": Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!\"\"
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
\"@SLanister  @Sherry09 please hurry up ; run,  I'll vote for you!!!\"
\"@pimpincrxboy  can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch\" Thanks
\"@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great\"
\"@Sherry09  Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!\"
\"@iamgerg:  There’s only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this country…Donald Trump 2016\"
\"@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's\"
\"@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah\"
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
\"@justrelaxfornow:  @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA Your son Eric is awesome.\"
\"@sandykjack:  -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead\"
\"@justinraay:  @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA. Awesome!\"
\"@RealPro4Real: It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!  @TrumpGolfLA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNBC\"
\"@RealPro4Real:  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at @TrumpGolfLA :-) 3Cn4rh3k6q M7kbFsldHv\"
\"@IPFinancing:  @daltonkats Trump Chicago is my favorite.\"
\"@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!\"
\"@seangeezee:  Announced today the 33rd #PGA Grand Slam of Golf to be held @TrumpNationalLA Oct2015 @NBCSportsRadio 2QJBUFO2Cb\"
\"@peterjbates:  and @peterjbates discussing the @TrumpCollection in New York Wc3MiSTnPB\" The best hotels
\"@KRCompanion: If  gave a State of the Union address, I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump\"
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
\"@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there.\"
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.\n -- Benjamin Franklin
I am happy to announce that the @PGAGrandSlam will be held at @TrumpGolfLA this year! CHFxHiRqii Follow @TrumpGolf for more!
\"@daltonkats Inside Trump Tower in NYC! What a beautiful building! \"  Thanks!
\"@Budd0427  Jean George's is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building\"  Thank you.
Trump International Hotel ; Tower New York has received great acclaim, as has our signature restaurant, Jean Georges yeFArpJy8H
\"@ricd384: The United States of America needs a real man in the oval office. Mr. Donald Trump, America is ready for you. Lets do it'\"
\"@wisdomsquote: “Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.” – Donald Trump\"
\"@JxCookie96  I really appreciate your tips. Just started a business, going for gold. Thank you.\"  Great--good luck!
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art ; working is art ; good business is the best art\nAndy Warhol
\"@scapesrus   @TrumpDoral The course looks magnificent !\"  Thank you.
\"@Tyler_BurkeCRE any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector?\" Know your territory.
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players ; critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
\"@SamDoyle12  thx for the RT--what is a good book I can read, that can help me in starting my business?\" The Art of the Deal and Midas Touch
\"@scottsiebs: Good Monday morning from my room at the beautiful TRUMP OCEAN CLUB Panama. A great, great hotel!!  fa7XMxMVib\"
\"@JimmyHanlin:  your course stood tall last week. You should be proud. Not to many places can stand up to those big boys!\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @AplemonLemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! Keep it going! Run for President! We need You!\"
\"@velvet2708:  @foxandfriends when Donald Trump speaks, you listen. Like you should for a real president. #TrumpForPresident
\"@AplemonLemon:  @foxandfriends What a way to start my week! Love it!\"
\"@RippethAmy:  @foxandfriends that's what a president of United States should sound like. #TrumpForPresident\"
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
\"@MansfieldRA: The Q Is  Going To Run For President. You Will Have My Vote. \"
\"@Luigiboria: Extraordinario Concierto en #Doral con @SantanaCarlos Great concert at @TrumpDoral  #mayorluigiboria s9yh3mRmt3\"
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
\"@toypilaVzla: Donald for President . Trump is ☞ triumph ✌ #TrumpforPresident
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work, the luckier you get.\n -- Gary Player
\"@la_loquita We are breaking into real estate investing and we love  because he knows his business!!\"  Great, good luck!
\"@MasterBaxter8: Only someone like you \"successful at so much\" deserves a shot to be President! We don't need another mediocre politician.\"
\"@MrLWord:  Donald Trump for president\"
\"@benpobjie: If  doesn't run for president in 2016 I will gut myself on live TV\"
\"@AndrewJAlbert01: Also, I want to hit 's new course, Ferry Point, when it opens. Views can't be beat.\"
\"@MegaHeid: I think I speak for most right-minded folk when I say: I really hope  does run for president\"
\"@evanbooth5: Save us , you're our only hope! #Trump2016 ELbCidwd9c\"
\"@nurse4bebes:  Donald!!!! Please run for President! Our country needs you!!!\"
\"@spinenumber408: Quality fans, bro. “@Stevieboy_63:  Go Donald,your are the one to get this country back. DONALD TRUMP 2016
\"@metanoik: Donald Trump's Ferry Point Golf Course Accepting Tee Times - goECFo2SoY udV6Oyf0ZR #economy\"
\"@dochubbard62:  2016 - President of the United States of America. God bless and God speed, praying for you and the country.
\"@HarryPlush: US golf team needs to think outside the box and hire  as Captain! Best course owner ever\"  THANK YOU!
\"@EJ1469:  well half of Mexico will see the event because they are here in the USA\"
\"@Cabraler:  Trump for President. You've had my vote a long time ago. #2016\"
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
\"@DNorrell:  we need you in Washington. We've got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle.  VERY TRUE!
\"@GreeneyesA78:  Don't ever change who you are!!😊\" I promise!
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
\"@jlawfriedman:  The property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy\"  Thank you!
\"@bahia6085: @TrumpFerryPoint  WOW!\"
\"@LakersCanes305: On my way to @TrumpDoral What better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary!  
\"@belllabooo13:  Congrats. Have a great time! God Bless ! How about a hole in one!!!!\"
\"@anthonyjmyers: Looking at  compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #Trump2016 WE CAN DO THIS 💪\"
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
\"@LakersCanes305: @TrumpDoral  I'll b there in a couple hours! Can't wait to see what this place looks like!
\"@ElianaBenador: #CPAC th crystal ball to see th future: True Conservative candidates will be sorely missing. None of them measures toTrump
\"@tharris012:  for president\"
\"@jamesmason1: “: We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- Gary Player”\"
\"@DanielPokorski:  Mr Trump You are the epitomy of class\" Thanks.
\"@mbabramson:  Why are you the only candidate who discusses US trade imbalances with other countries? It's important!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.\n -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.\n -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction.\n -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.\n -- Gary Player
Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- QVPKdLZ9J3
With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral RNyzy5TpDa
\"@chubby6665: Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue! 8ZsWampxZa\"Thanks
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
\"@KittyCakes92: @seanhannity I think  should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.\"
\"@phatpuppyart: @seanhannity  have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
\"@SamDoyle12  great posts. As a budding entrepreneur, I appreciate the quotes\"  Great--work hard and good luck!
Trump International Hotel ; Tower, Vancouver, will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. aF5XY8ohwL
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities ; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
Via @WashTimes by @SethMcLaughlin1: “Donald Trump: I want to run for president ‘so badly’” JnGqrDNbSY
Via @OceanDriveMag by @SuzMcGeeNYC: \"Q;A: Ivanka Trump on the Business of Golf ; the Championships\" JhYAqX9ytC
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1:\"Donald Trump Slams Liberals In ‘Dishonest Press’: ‘I’m Going To Start Naming Names’\" 7uzPNPJ9vK
Via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: “Trump: 'I'm the only one who can beat' Hillary”\n5UKvHykSvR
Via @bpolitics by @BetBrod “Trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he's serious about running for POTUS.\" iqdFdyHgZ4
“@WestJournalism Exclusive – We Asked Donald Trump What Jobs He Would Offer ISIS” JRoqBdSV6j
Be sure to watch my #CPAC2015 speech with intro by @DLoesch and a Q;A with @seanhannity unFuoJXul1
Via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: \"About that Donald Trump speech at CPAC …\" fr4hEyfbys
Via @CBSNews by @ReenaJF: \"Donald Trump scolds Republicans: 'Toughen up'\" fl25maZhTU
Via @PPDNews: \"Donald Trump: ‘I Am Not Doing This For Fun,’ We Can’t Fix U.S. ‘Unless We Put Right Person’ In WH\"\njgA6OnysAl
Via @BreitbartNews: \"DONALD TRUMP: EXEC AMNESTY WILL MAKE ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ‘WORSE THAN IT’S EVER BEEN\" 3AwAAXAEIs
Via @NRO by @LovelaceRyanD: \"Trump Slams Bush: ‘I Don’t See Him Winning; I Don’t See There’s Any Way’\" jWlQRG4K4v
\"Donald Trump ready to end @ApprenticeNBC for White House run\" hN3gHZFVFX via via @dcexaminer by @eScarry
Via @TIME by @lullintheaction: \"#REALTIME: Donald Trump Weighs a 2016 Run At #CPAC2015\" aTq0RjzYbI
Interview w/Melanie Batley via Newsmax rozkymxqIw
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas Jk4tNhDF9X
Via @UnionLeader by @tuohy: \"Trump hires Lewandowski as presidential run eyed\" stZOllcBqA #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” 0a3vkunMbp
Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig” fZB9ppIAvk
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. 5WbRYtT23g
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
\"@pcufinn:  Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor.\" Great idea.
\"@adamodell:  just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!
\"'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President\" 7VD05VjGHK via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley
Via @BreitbartNews: \"‘MAJOR COUP’: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN\"\nuyTXiZ0uSp
\"@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
\"@ShotGunFloyd:  classic!\"
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Trump International Golf Links and Hotel, Ireland, is located on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare. Spectacular! nT7zundGmV
Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles is situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean... Gktsmo70Jc
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
Put the glamour, beauty ; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, ; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke ; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!
I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico ; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
I told you the Oscars were terrible—bad look, bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history.  AOc5aQdVvk …
\"@JPNwrites  The Oscars can learn a lot from the Miss Universe pageant. \"  True!
\"@JCL30  had a run round @TurnberryBuzz Ails this morning. Going to be great when all the changes are finished.\" Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
“‘THE DONALD’ GOT A MUSKET” aZmW0Z1lz1  via @fitsnews
Trump to host #Oscars? qnU9o2X8XZ
My @Live5News int. with @WilliamLive5 in South Carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016 ALH2oa6Avq
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: Waiting to see you at CPAC. Wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on Monday mornings #foxandfriends\"
\"@CatchMeOnForbes: I would love to just chill and talk with  about life. Man is a genius!\"  Thanks.
\"@Colleen_VSU:  @foxandfriends just turned it on!! Can't wait to see you at #CPAC2015\"  Great.
\"@brwneyesnbama: Great morning, coffee and  on @FoxNews this morning. Doesn't get much better than that. #foxandfriends\"
\"@belllabooo13:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! God Bless you and yours\"
\"@AplemonLemon:  @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! Please!\"
\"@brwneyesnbama: I love  and the way he will speak the truth regardless. I have so much respect for this man. #hero\" Thanks.
\"@AnnetteNavaret:  watching you now on #FOXAndFriends RUN DONALD RUN!!!!\"
\"@AnnetteNavaret:  @foxandfriends RUN DAMN IT!\"
\"@HeatherChilders: @LavelleGerald  @foxandfriends you too Gerald! Thanks for watching!\" Great job Heather!
\"@dryan5962:  always on point 👌👌 ctxhNsKVip\"
\"@AplemonLemon:  nice job this morning on #Foxabdfriends ! You have my vote, not Walker\"
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
\"@rosenavy5:  @MCLAUGHLlN I would vote for Donald Trump! ! A true American who understands business and stands by American people!
\"@taylor70778592: #ObamaLovesAmerica like Rosie O'Donnell loves Donald Trump\" Interesting.
\"@MCLAUGHLlN:  i plan on voting for you in 2016. We need economic success in this country I know you can provide\"
\"@themindofreyrey: \"You have to think anyway, so why not think big?\" ~ #Powerful #QuoteOfTheDay\"
\"@NewsTodayUSA: Two Canadian Coast Guard ships sent to rescue U.S. freighter stuck in ice. #globalwarming? @algore  UUJVHkK1qr\"
\"@ColdMud: \"I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a . If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty
\"Donald Trump promises 'world-class' Crandon Park golf course\" cXxnYhsVx1 via @WPLGLocal10 by @GlennaOn10
Via @MiamiHerald by Bill Van Smith: \"@jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @TrumpDoral\" 6ZLcJkA6di
\"@julsberg1723:  @toddinwichita I'll sign up too. Where? When? I'm ready.\"
\"@newlooksmk:  @toddinwichita run baby run!!! We need you!\"
\"@BUTTONPUSHER50:  @toddinwichita The only man who can get the US out of trouble. I will spread the word if you will run.
\"@toddinwichita:  I will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . Please RUN . #VoteForTrump #TrumpForPresident
\"@MichaelDaudel  Thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs.\"  My pleasure. Work hard!
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes ; setbacks are an inevitable part of business ; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
Receiving the Algemeiner Liberty Award--a great honor. SgNDSLZgsG
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
\"@DbzOptimist: Most people in the US want  to Be President...Really Nice. #VoteForTrump\"
\"@cadigirl13:  Your not fired ! your hired! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@calimtns:  Please, Please, please run for President, I'm begging!!!!\"
\"@ali_khalil7:  you got my vote for 2016! #VoteForTrump\"
\"@KeatsBen:  Good Evening Mr President! \"
\"@mdamelincourt: @fotograaf  @TrumpToronto We are looking forward to welcoming you...\"
\"@JLNewman29: \"To me, what matters is doing, and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money.\" -  #Trump16\"
\"@txblondegrad:  is the only candidate for president that can beat Hillary and turn this country around.\" I agree!
\"@tellkell: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr beautiful and touching tribute! Ahhh she is so missed!\"
Via @businessinsider by @BKcolin: “Donald Trump called the White House and offered to help fix the BP oil spill” IxOr72MtJ5
The winner of Best In Show of the 139th @WKCDOGS, Miss P, visited @TrumpTowerNY today- RRcFE1AHjR
Via TkShfpB8Ao  1eFI7cGiGF
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
Congrats to @cheflents of TrumpCollection's #TrumpChicago on being a James Beard semifinalist: maobMmCu4L via @CrainsChicago
Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
\"@dannyandrews51:  this country is ready for a true leader, and that leader is you!\" I agree!
\"@jodiestir: Watching reruns of the apprentice  absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!!\"
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Via @fitsnews: \"The Donald Trump Show Is Returning To SC: BILLIONAIRE MOGUL HEADS BACK TO PALMETTO STATE\" cgf4bp44Pv
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday 6CUGLkdh06
Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” CmBzJvpB4G
My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC ; discussing the 2016 election QqBHlGsJAe
The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland ; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it. 0ASDOWPMsy #Doonbeg
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
\"@Hasam_A: If  ran for president, I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.\"
\"@ryanbushby:  my hero and America's hero!\" Thank you.
\"@TossMyJohnson:  run for president\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Geraldo: Trump Would Make US a 'Successful Capitalist Entity' Snm7CNzdhs\"
\"@xkayla_rae: mom - \" leave me alone I want to just be with  \"\" Cute!
\"@ColinSWood:  Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!\"
\"@AllTheNewsIsNow:  Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap 'Celebrity Apprentice': A look back at the exciting season UjrfwvP0Vc\"
\"@Furtaw2point0: @ApprenticeNBC  @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!\"
\"@chingaling3: @ApprenticeNBC @nbc  Congratulations\"
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” wbFc2AMfIj … \"The Donald” should go far.\" Actually, if I run, I'll win.
\"@iCodyTV: Go to work, be smart, think positively and WIN!  #quote\"
\"@StephPhipps9733: #CelebApprentice #CelbrityApprentice  Loved your choice for winner this season! Awesome job! Xoxo!\"
\"@OscarBagPledge: Congrats @LeezaGibbons @ApprenticeNBC  for donating millions to various charities! #MakingADifference
\"@Radiogal505: @ApprenticeNBC  Congrats! Excellent season and Leeza for the win! She was an amazing, classy competitor.\"
\"@TODAYshow: .@CarsonDaly is channeling  this morning in Studio 1A! 08fMNhytaC\"
\"@BrandoBarton: @MikeSington  so excited about another season of #TheApprentice\"
\"@LDHFab40: @KenyaMoore @dblanks @GeorgeMiguelC Even  admitted you were nice and a joy to work with.
\"@cookit1960: @TODAYshow @Carson Daly's  so happy 4 Leeza. I was hoping she'd win all along.\"
\"@jessibee35:  Please don't stay gone to long.You make great T.V. I already miss the show.#Hurryback#NewCast #HelpingCharity
\"@GingerzGirl: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr I so loved the tribute. It was just beautiful.\"
\"@KristyHernandez: Looking forward to #CelebApprentice Season 15!!! My favorite show 😍  @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@MelRivers: Thank you for amazing tribute to my mom @Joan_Rivers. Beyond touched. Xx  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@TNVOLINFL: @accesshollywood  @BWilliams @Rosie LOVE  Thanks for saying what we think.\"
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
\"@jwt19723:  @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President\" Thank you.
\"@jwt19723:  @YankeeRunnerLV You need to be the President\"
\"@Amit_D_Ranade::Sir thanks for producing The Apprentice. Both the US and the UK shows are a real life management training program. Regards.
\"@YankeeRunnerLV: TONIGHT is perfect time for D.T. to announce he's running for Prez.To Let America know Help is on way #Trump2016 #USA\"
\"@darryljirwin:  any coincidence finale is on President's Day? #trump2016\"
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
\"@Bravolebrity1 LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Ratings for #CelebrityApprentice have been at an all time high! #1\"
\"@GarnerVideoPros:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera Can't Wait! The show is already Great!\"
\"@susansmeltzer:  @Bravolebrity1 @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera cant wait!!! Took day off. :)\"
\"@Bravolebrity1: #CelebrityApprentice season finale tonight!! G-R-E-A-T Show! @LeezaGibbons @BrandiGlanville  @kevinjonas @GeraldoRivera\"
Via @wsoctv by @BlairWSOC9: \"EXCLUSIVE: Donald Trump talks possible presidential run\"\n1DpR2ybPU6
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
\"@trufacts_101:  @fabiolasellsnj ANYTHING WITH THE #TRUMP NAME IS EPIC\"  Thanks.
\"@fabiolasellsnj:  will be EPIC!\"
\"@webester:  @carriejo4ever I hope Geraldo wins...\"
\"@bryan_carpenter:  @LeezaGibbons should win! She has grown so much and is a natural born leader! So professional and kind. She's a gift!\"
\"@SusanZoss:  Leza Gibbons hands down! Geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader.\"
\"@carriejo4ever:  Geraldo..he's the man to beat..!\"
\"@KRCompanion:  - Huge fan of #CelebrityApprentice ; your legendary career! TX for sharing your wisdom ; courage.
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
\"@someasianchick: Will you be my valentine  ??? Or at least run for president?\"
\"@manofsteel619:  my God, I would pay to see you destroy Hillary in a debate, please run!\"
\"@davidsidol: Great meeting  today! #TrumpGolf #TrumpNationalCharlotte #1stclass KDKPgyANGV\"
\"@MichelleRenee_V: @ApprenticeNBC It MUST be @LeezaGibbons because she is well rounded, hardworking, kind ; professional. SHE'S HIRED! 🎉\"
\"@The_Buffs: Congrats to  in JCOPE victory over lightweight @AGSchneiderman\"
\"@stephyygurl: Trump in Chicago is ALMOST as beautiful as Mar-A-Lago 😍  xsLpITbjwI\"
\"@CardeCornish  thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this Valentine's Day a7y09q05IS\"
\"@lorictolbert:  please run for #president2016\"
\"@CharmianNeary:  @NYDNHammond @NYDailyNews @klnynews JCOPE secret proceedings render it useless. Time to close it down.\"
\"@AndrewChrome:  @NYDailyNews @klnynews Congrats Mr. Trump justice prevails\"
\"@chingaling3:  Happy Valentines Day to you and your lovely wife. Jesus Loves you both.\"
Via @NYDailyNews by @klnynews: “Donald Trump wins lawsuit against Joint Commission on Public Ethics” lpyCF5De5H
“Score one for the Donald in his battle with @AGSchneiderman.” lpyCF5De5H
\"@AllGoodEggs:  @LoriMoreno @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Any chance you can make America 5Star please?\"
\"@JohnWeak: I live for every word this man says @business icon : #realestate @business #successfactors @Entrepreneur\"
\"@realDBP:  @MenOfHistory The Art of the Deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general!\" Thanks
\"@MotAmazeBeGREAT: \"Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.\" - Donald Trump #Inspirational \"
\"@annabelkarmel: “Without passion you don’t have energy, without energy, you have nothing”  #AKMumpreneur m1drqW37v9\"
\"@LoriMoreno: RT  Congratulations @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto @Forbes Five-Star ratings
\"@RealPro4Real: The most beautiful summary why real estate matters! pwWkefkb00  @IvankaTrump @theRealKiyosaki @DrLisaCoaching\"
\"@KLM164: Donald Trump: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walker’s College A ‘Double Standard’ - Breitbart ILuzMMpY5m via @Breitbart
\"@MotAmazeBeGREAT: \"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.\" - Donald Trump
\"@ccrealty2: “It’s tangible, it’s solid, it’s beautiful. It’s artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.” -Donald Trump
\"@toddlerr: Donald Trump: MSM Investigation into Scott Walker’s College a 'Double Standard’ - He's right #tgdn #tcot ILuzMMpY5m\"
\"@dawino6260: Donald Trump Rips Media for Scott Walker Investigation: Why Didn’t They Go to Obama’s Schools? Hn5Ztl4bkP\"
\"@WSCP1: Obama records still a mystery - TheDonald: MSM Investigation Into Scott Walker’s College A ‘Double Standard’ ILuzMMpY5m
\"@MenOfHistory: \"I like thinking big... if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@marklevinshow: Trump is right sxFzH1s4Od\"
\"@FILMBAY_CINEMA: \"Experience taught me a few things. Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.\" Donald Trump\"
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
I look forward to attending Saturday Night Live on Sunday night. I am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl  iuZM2VkVvm
I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBC
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
\"@KhanyisaniDlomo: \"Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war\" - Donald Trump.\"
\"@StartupSupaStar: \"I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.\" -Donald Trump scDWnOZizi\"
\"@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump\"
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
\"@PerryGolf: Top 100 Golf Courses @golf_com tMfAwjYlGt @TheHomeofGolf  @TurnberryBuzz 45T1wSP6F8\"
\"@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz @EricTrump  one of the million reason to stay at Trump Turnberry Jn4HwVO2UN\"
\"@RPTurnberry: @TurnberryBuzz cocktail time at Trump Turnberry RYjv5gIooP\"
\"@TurnberryBuzz: Today is a memorable day, the team has begun to turf our new pitch ; putt! OUxTUUKThF\" What an amazing place!
 stands in defense of @ScottWalker's college record @DraftWalker16 Donald J. Trump stands in... 53SRcOPW9R\"
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: \"DONALD TRUMP: MSM INVESTIGATION INTO SCOTT WALKER’S COLLEGE A ‘DOUBLE STANDARD’\"\nAmWWjaeh3f
#TBT With @britneyspears oTAPeDSyJd
\"@LuckyShaut  If I could only read one of your books, which one would you recommend?\" The Art of the Deal.
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the great palazzos of the world, with a fantastic history. tG2vpj00sV
Trump National Golf Club, Jupiter, is close to Palm Beach and designed by Jack Nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. 4z0jCH7PmE
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
\"@PrabhuSadasivam: Inspiring! Determination ; perseverance will pay off @WorldNewsPress1 The Success of Donald Trump kvPnUKP7QZ\"
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
\"@WorldNewsPress1: The Success of Donald Trump - Read on kvPnUKP7QZ\"
\"@tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire . this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC\"
Trump Int'l Golf Links ; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!   KMaHBBQLXU …
\"@Addictd2Success: The Success of Donald Trump - ZrnPkUtA05\"
\"@nikkoarganese23:  you the truth!! I love you\"
\"@sebplaski:  Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!\"
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
\"@ericleebow: Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.\"
\"@SheStampsAlot: @NBCNews @TODAYshow #FireBrianWilliams disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
\"@dcfoodsafety: Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice\"
\"@AgeGrilli35:  Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@tthompson67: I began reading  quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!\"
\"@VMilaccio: #DonaldTrump was right about #RosieODonnell. She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. \"
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
\"@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!\"
“Donald Trump Congratulated on @foxandfriends for Receiving the @Algemeiner’s ‘Liberty Award’” r9fAKxOMrn via @Algemeiner
Via @BostonDotCom by @lilsarg: “Donald Trump on Snow, Salt, Vaccines, and the Oval Office” qOFWXjGQwb
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Via @foxnewslatino by @GeraldoRivera: “@ApprenticeNBC Diary: And Now There Are Two” XrlwgxESCO
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
\"@SenorVito9:  your contributions to the world are priceless! Thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! Thank you!\"
\"@MasterBaxter8:  @chirofrenzy I'm not, because if he runs the White House will be his.\"
\"@FanOfGreenMMs: @SarahPalinUSA not only nice hair, he is a warrior ; leader! You can trust him. He genuinely loves America ; American.\"
\"@Stallion2011: @GlennThrush Liar. Forbes has  net worth at $4 billion.\"
\"@DrChimRickles: @JrebstockR  @SarahPalinUSA trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.Nicest hair=best president. Wow!
\"@chirofrenzy: Am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting White House in the same sentence as Al Sharpton like Gold ; poop\"
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
\"@MichaelOpitz:  @MollyOgden Thanks for standing up for the truth.\"
\"@888maggie888: I am voting for @GeraldoRivera to win @ApprenticeNBC! He is not as slimy as I thought. He has integrity and does not lie.\"
\"@MollyOgden:  This is what I like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.That's how it's done
\"@AshbyNeil:  for president\"
\"@cmdorsey:  Did U see Asselrod on #oreillyfactor last night?? He mentioned your name. He is such an arrogant asshole\"
\"@SouthCentralTim: It's only 6am and  is already putting people in their places via Twitter! Trump for president 2016!!!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: 'S SHOW, THE @apprenticenbc IS THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV. #Educative #Informative\"
\"@zeebusie: REALLY? David Axelrod comparing #Sharpton to  UNFREAKINBELIEVABLE!! @BillOReilyTV @FoxNews NO COMPARISON!!!\"
\"@DrChimRickles: You looked very presidential last night on the telly \" Thank you.
\"@JJonesTTU:  @davidaxelrod @oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you.\"
\"@singlead:  Can't win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . .\"
\"@seniorslocum:  is up early putting ignorant people in their place\"
\"@Prayformetoo:  @davidaxelrod I knew when I heard him say it you would speak up. Good on ya!\"
\"@bkura99:  I hope you run for president! #Trump2016\"
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
\"@Jillpie1:DonaldTrump I hated you firing too many people at once, not exciting, total bummer.Please, one at a time, psyched for next season
\"@ReidCindy: @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons @MsVivicaFox  best top three ever ; so much respect for MsFox! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@CandyFairy16:  Idk what I'm gonna do with my life now that #CelebrityApprentice is almost over lol\"
\"@RealMissCTusa: Excited to see who will win #CelebrityApprentice next Monday! Such a great season. \"
\"@Bravolebrity1: . Noooo! You can't stop now!! I need more #CelebrityApprentice!\"
\"@Business_MANN: “: \"@stephanienap5:  why is your season so rushed???\"” He's getting ready to campaign!\"
\"@MikeMarchese_: Monday night...who needs football when you have #CelebrityApprentice  #YourFired\"
\"@ShortCakesSheep: @katiekms53  I would wanna work for him. I worked for GW Bush and would wanna work for Trump.\"
\"@DolliByron:  this is my favorite show!!!!\"
\"@djabs14:  Although I don't love Geraldo on #CelebrityApprentice, his charity is really needed ;I hope he wins! #LifesWORC\"
\"@monmk1: I met @LeezaGibbons at CHA. She's as amazing in person as she is on TV. Beautiful inside ; out! my pick #CelebApprentice
\"@timelord55:  @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I agree why less episodes. @nbc are fools\"
\"@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 : I still c Geraldo as The NEW Celebrity Apprentice. #CelebrityApprenticewinner2015\"
\"@KeatsBen:  #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show! I'm a big fan of Donald Trump. Donald for President. Thanks.
\"@irismorales67:  @ClayMKopplin I just hate when #CelebrityApprentice ends cuz IT TAKES SO LONG FOR A NEW SEASON!\"
\"@alexiskrystina: Love the #celebapprentice flashback! The winners are always the good people who DON'T play dirty. Donald keeps it #classy\"
\"@userback:  @realJoeMurray I would support you. I think you are very smart!\" Thank you.
\"@JamesSchlosser: When does the next season start?  can't end something this good!\"
\"@TechSaleMDMsfdc:  @OgreUasshole @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons Donald looking to clean house ; run for president?\"
\"@nursemary33:  @MsVivicaFox class act!!!!\"
\"@realJoeMurray:  #CelebrityApprentice is the best reality show on tv. This season was worth the wait! Now run for president, Mr. Trump!\"
\"@livingcoastalsc: @MsVivicaFox is a class act! #CelebrityApprentice \"
\"@j_maziarz:  @kevinjonas glad he's back.
\"@njoh1234: Great show! good time to replay past 'relationships' lol Hope Leeza wins! Would love to see NYC ; Trump Towers one day!\"
\"@ClayMKopplin: the Celebrity Apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of  and I can't wait for the finale!\"
\"@OgreUasshole:  @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons I feel robbed out of 3 hours of CA with these 4 straight firings\"
\"@ebs366:  @stephanienap5 What's up cutting season so short. Very disappointing. Still a Great show but way to fast.\"
\"@j_maziarz:  @kevinjonas should've made it farther😢😢\" He is terrific!
\"@stylebrandco:  much respect for @MsVivicaFox tonight #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@loislane72: Had a feeling it'd be @LeezaGibbons vs @GeraldoRivera! My $ is on Leeza!  PS I wanna fly on 's jet!!\"
\"@TpGraf82:  love the @ApprenticeNBC past fails and successes. You have changed tv for life!\"
\"@waynebaker056:  @MichmusM @MsVivicaFox @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons love the show\"
\"@mamapattyw: @MsVivicaFox You were a Class Act @CelebApprentice When you told  that @LeezaGibbons deserved to be C.A.
\"@VTDiva01: So much respect for Vivica Fox right now WOW! That was by far the classiest move I've ever seen on #CelebApprentice!\"
\"@MichmusM: Watching #CelebrityApprentice ; @MsVivicaFox is pure class!!!! 😊👍❤  @GeraldoRivera @LeezaGibbons\"
\"@agillogly:  thanks for bringing it down to @LeezaGibbons and @GeraldoRivera #readyforthethrowdown\"
\"@stephanienap5:  why is your season so rushed???\"
\"@originalholden:  @ApprenticeNBC I have been waiting all my life for this recap episode. #Feuds #Fails\"
\"@transit010:  \"Nobody out thinks me\" D.Trump #damn right! #great show\"
\"@warrencasselljr:  This show is pure genius! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@rosspelton:  Please bring @AnnieDuke back to the show. #Apprentice #Trump #Pokerplayer.\"
\"@_Maira26: @piersmorgan  @OMAROSA That was the best TV moment ever!\"
\"@KristineInDC: How can anyone watch #TheBachelor when Apprentice is on? I'm still reeling from 's multiple firing last week
\"@phlygerl:  @RealityTVBliss @TEB2350 @KenyaMoore \"kinda\"??? C'mon! You KNOW Kenya is Gone With The Wind Fabulous! Twirl her back on CA!\"
\"@federicishane: The only reason I want some level of fame is so I can go on The Celebrity Apprentice. And so I wait. \"
\"@1SimranjitSingh: I am a student myself. I cannot believe that Obama, has doubled the interest rate on student loans. Trump for President!\"
\"@aman19980: After watching this episode of Celebrity Apprentence no one can say anything about  #AmericanValues\"
\"@RealityTVBliss: Gary Busey was one of my absolute favorites on #CelebrityApprentice. He has a big ❤  #Misunderstood\"
\"@CeeCorrine1: Loving this look back at the Best of #CelebrityApprentice  @ApprenticeNBC ❤️😃\"
\"@melissabxny:  where did you get your boardroom table? Need to purchase one that size\" Cute!
\"@TEB2350: @RealityTVBliss @KenyaMoore  I kinda liked Kenya on CA
\"@IovemyfamiIy: @KenyaMoore made 's Top 5 list of #CelebApprentice all time FAILS! 😂\"
\"@ConConBonBon7:  favorite fails is MY favorite! #CelebrityApprentice #Trump2016\"
\"@piersmorgan: 'The greatest slaughter in the history of The Apprentice' -  on my victory over @OMAROSA #CelebrityApprentice
\"@auggerdogger:   my son didn't know who Meatloaf was so showed him \"Paradise by Dashboard lights\" xCQSyOy5Uf\"
\"@ShortCakesSheep: Yaaaaay @THEGaryBusey on #CelebrityApprentice  this is the best!\"
\"@annmcg01: DonaldTrump: Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC. #CelebApprentice” Wouldn't miss it!\"
\"@frankadgpr:  @ApprenticeNBC Clearly, you are a master of marketing and business success.\"
\"@sassysexylove:  At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC. #CelebApprentice\" I can't wait!\"
\"@justinraay: Thank you  for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #Imeanit\"
\"@XKidd92:  @LeezaGibbons it's going to be very tough because @GeraldoRivera has the contacts with big money but Leeza deserves it!\"
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: \"Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination\" tG6pSSL3oG
Via @WashTimes By Eugene Dunn: “Trump could lead U.S. forward” mZ79oKpmFz
\"@manofsteel619:  please run and save us in 2016!!!!\"
\"@debraa27:  @NBCNews There was no need to embellish his stories. The man was so well respected. Now i can never look at him
\"@cdiprima69: Incredible season of the Celebrity Apprentice. Favorite show! The $$ you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational\"
\"@pcochenour562:  @XKidd92 @LeezaGibbons yea she smart but I think it will be Gerardo he's a cunning one #snake one I would turn my back on\"
\"@KremlinLife:  \"President Trump\" #Trump2016 NEHgSFO3c0\"
\"@beachhome1: DonaldTrump. The problem with Brian Williams on celebrity apprentice is that he'll have miss remembered that he already won
\"@PatricijaBelous: #MissLithuania #MissU.  I miss this beautiful place. @TrumpDoral and my gorgeous friends...😓💘 URBTIGxAG9\"
\"@Elginet:  @NBCNews Mr. Trump, next CeleApprentice needs to have Brian Williams please. #CelebrityApprentice
\"@XKidd92:  definitely rooting for @LeezaGibbons- I think she deserves it the most.\"
\"@StaciAnn:  Go @LeezaGibbons . Classiest lady to ever grace the show :)\"
\"@Jconstantinides:  I enjoyed this season! You've done it again!\"
\"@bobby990r_1:  @mjv1975 Best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice!
\"@llhegarty_linda:  Yes! We are being attacked by so many! We need you to \"Get in and Get it Done\" #trump2016 #leadership\"
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
\"@jumbeeboi89:  Donald, Run for president man, Seriously. Make it official.\"
\"Donald Trump plans return to Iowa \"\ngy2CcmoJfk via @KCCINews
Via @postandcourier: \"The Donald at @TheCitadelOEA\" gMhWHPcheI
\"@Newsmax_Media: Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo PhaMXRLp2q\"
\"@CDNRationale:  @Newsmax_Media @dpatten32 Time for Trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world, the USA!\"
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @dpatten32: “Trump's Brand Gives Him 2016 Mojo” kHpDlUqNhL
By @kwrcrow: \"Hey Washington Post; ‘Only You Hate Donald Trump’ or 'Is it FEAR?'\" XBEDmhDQkI
\"@Doris22: RT  The CPAC Team is excited to announce that  will be speaking at CPAC 2015! #CPAC2015 D9YoUWoQ6M\"
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday g2jvQaM1ta
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
My father's 4 step formula for success: \"Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out.\" -- Fred C. Trump
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- \nBenjamin Franklin
Trump Int'l Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland. A legendary course ... and rightly so.  BVsLbZTA46
\"@EdgarCalderonMX  \"The Art of The Deal\"; one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best Entrepreneurs\"
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC” mhaQFB4Lyh @CPACnews
“@Algemeiner Honors @Joan_Rivers, Donald Trump, @YuliEdelstein at Second Annual ‘Jewish 100′ Gala” pBBxb1p2ga via @Algemeiner
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Via The Washington Times  \"Mr. Trump buzzes the presidential radar\"   SC14Okocf0
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
I just answered my Facebook fan's questions in the latest #AskTheDonald- watch the video- 2POo2ywnpt
\"@JordanStasi  Mr. Trump, as a young sales professional. What one of YOUR BOOKS would you recommend I read?\" Start with Art of the Deal.
\"@dcska: @MDMSEO @ApprenticeNBC Best Apprentice ever BTW! Just needed more Gilbert!! Can't wait to see ur hotel in DC!\"
\"@scottyboyhmfc:  @BBC a bit behind with apprentice UK but art gallery show was unreal great show sir\"
\"@marilouztweets:  thank you for being so gracious. Beautiful hotel. #Doral 7TE1wj3uxy\"
\"@SarahLynEllis: The Donald fired THREE people this past episode 😱  that's why he's the best! #CelebrityApprentice\"
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: “Donald Trump, @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Gala” 794zKuRRAN
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower, Toronto.  #1 in all of Canada.   \n  KlRqulgPmi
Via @Zawya: “Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor” ut5S45g1H7
Must read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment” 3SPeAAOLwM Just as I have long been saying…
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower Chicago has won many awards ; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.  4oJj9nQnUH
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.  XovcybFo0P
We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizes” TIYjdTG1Aa
\"@WeLoveTheDonald @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump  Such handsome men! Great pic!\"  Thank you.
#CelebApprentice With three wonderful, but fired, contestants- JTpiV2Ve2e
Congratulations @TrumpNewYork for being named in @CNTraveler’s Top 10 US Hotels for Business Travelers! 2lPE4zsNWo
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the Potomac River. A fantastic setting! pYtkbyKwt5
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
MUST READ @IBDeditorials: “President Obama's Amnesty At Any Price” udlYbnZgWZ Congress - Use the Power of Purse! Defund Amnesty!
\"@Artanis5: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump As usual Celebrity Apprentice never fails to entertain-Another great season-Cant wait for finale\"
\"@omoadesokan: \"What matters is where you want to go. Focus in the right direction!\" -- Donald  #_WojuBeforeYouVote
\"@Thameena10: @TODAYshow I'm saying.. @MsVivicaFox really laid down the smack last night!! 😂 had to pick up my jaw! #GhettoFabulous
\"@monmk1: @JohnnyDamon  @ApprenticeNBC you were great!! Such a great team player!!!\"
\"@jessibee35:  Thank you for creating a real realitea! That actually helps charity! #donaldforpresident #classact
\"@SNLstar:  I Loved ever minute! Never a dull moment on #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@JulieMRoberts3: @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  she was wonderful Melissa! Truly missed! Cherish your memories!❤️\"
\"@jazzjuicer:  @KeyWestBravo @IvankaTrump Mother's looks and dad's smarts: she'll go far.\"  True.
\"@MelRivers: @EricTrump @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  Thank you for always treating her with love and respect\"
\"@tltiger26: @EricTrump @MelRivers @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  It was very touching to see her! Miss her dearly\"
\"@PresidentJMarsh:  are you going to be at @CPACnews this year? I can't wait to hear from you there!\"
\"@1970Rachael: @crazymamaa  @ApprenticeNBC  I'm mad @nbc rushed this season, they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors\"
\"@catham11:  @mattgiese @KenyaMoore LOL I remember those episodes...priceless\"
\"@LatinaLadySnake: @CrisXtina7765  @nbc yeah couldn't believe what just happened\"
\"@ThisIsBillG: West Coast, get ready!  truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!  @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@jimdesch23:  this is the best Celebrity Apprentice all season. Love someone else is getting fired!!!\"
\"@YMcTier: Celebrity Apprentice is So Good 2night! Everyone going in Hard to Not get Fired! @YMcTier Favorite Monday TV Show #LuvIt\"
\"@BoaterzLetterz: @IGotAngelEyes  @ApprenticeNBC @JoanRivers There will never be anyone as #Funny I Bet\"
\"@KennySammartino:  @UU44M @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC Tonight's shows are fantastic! Love this season.\"
\"@LindaNTyler: Seeing @Joan_Rivers is so tough, but also so very special! Glad she was on this season. #Blessings to @MelRivers
\"@UU44M: Just seeing @Joan_Rivers on the @ApprenticeNBC, makes me want to cry. \"
\"@lisalee1917: #CelebrityApprentice LUV LUV LUV that  left the clips of Joan Rivers in this season! Thank u!\"
\"@chef_riggy: . glad to see Kenya go. Even gladder to see @Joan_Rivers again. #RIP Love you Joan!\"
\"@jonihubbard: \": Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.\" It's been hilarious ! Good pick Mr Trump!\"
\"@SAP_GIRL: @RadioMelissa @msvivicafox  @nbc That was insane.\"
\"@HoganSeaisle129: @DonaldJTrumpJr  yay Joan Rivers is back #CelebApprentice #gonetoosoon\"
\"@KAMERAKEITH:  I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT OF POWER BUT BRINGING #JoanRivers BACK ... INCREDIBLE!!!\"
\"@sasha_seven:  great seeing Joan on todays @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@KarileaKennedy7: I'm gonna cry its Joan Rivers  @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BoaterzLetterz: @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice  MISSING @Joanrivers! less #Humor in life now!\"
\"@lanas05:  With all drama experience you gain in the boardroom, you could start a theatre company. #TheApprentice\"
\"@gmar916: #CelebApprentice  Nice to have this footage of Joan.\"
\"@MissyMacDD: \"Toxic Trick\" is my new favorite #CelebrityApprentice  Clearly @BrandiGlanville was right about @KenyaMoore\"
\"@HellBlazeRaiser: Did @KenyaMoore steal @MsVivicaFox's phone and Tweet about menopause? @ApprenticeNBC  @DonaldJTrumpJr
\"@nancypa14679248:  @Shelly3177 @ApprenticeNBC love the drama\"
\"@Shelly3177:  @ApprenticeNBC love this show and Donald!!! I hate drama..unless its not mine 😄\"
\"@fordmartin33: This Celebrity Apprentice is looking good so far... Can't wait for the boardroom !! \"
\"@PianoBecca:  Bravo!! Leader of vast inteligence!! Awesome TV, inspires, never gives a stale second!!!#Prez #Tump2016\"
\"@kara_jilly: Do you see how disgustingly disrespectful @KenyaMoore is to @MsVivicaFox?! ; yet she says she's nothing but nice to people?\"
\"@BetsyTabor:  watching Celebrity Apprentice right now! I love this show!!!\"
\"@VTDiva01: For the record I think  rocks and I would never boycott #CelebApprentice - the entire Trump family is amazing.\"
\"@marino_joanna:  this episode beats Pierce/omarosa and Joan / Annie Duke\"
\"@mattgiese: Get rid of @KenyaMoore already . She's a bitch no matter who she's with. #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@TheMartynHale: Celebrity Apprentice Is ON !! Its Monday baby! @KenyaMoore @IanZiering  @BrandiGlanville @GeraldoRivera\"
\"@mhaston15:  it will be if Kenya goes home. She is a ridiculous untalented egotist.\"
\"@Priece714: watching #CelebApprentice makes me ❤️  even more\"
\"@liz0987:  Watching Celebrity Apprentice! I hope @BrandiGlanville wins!! Love her!\"
\"@terribondhughes:  I'm watching Mr. Trump! Now and every year past. LOVE IT ! And I'm a HUGE fan of u, Sir. 👍😊\"  Thanks.
\"@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT : Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.\"
\"@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC  @DonaldJTrumpJr another drama filled hour ! Cannot wait to see who is going home today.
\"@tomtumillo:  i love that tie you are wearing. Presidential. #CelebrityApprentice\" MACY'S!
\"@MattSarff23: It's Apprentice time \"
\"@VeryRich_Bitch: Can't wait to see how #Phonegate plays out  @MsVivicaFox #CelebApprentice\"
\"@xoamxo_13: “: Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.” Ready📺\"
\"@VTDiva01: If  doesn't fire Kenya tonight SOMEHOW I'm over this show. Come on Don, you're smart. Get rid of her.\"
\"@MattDempsey83: Can't wait to see #CelebrityApprentice tonight! @MsVivicaFox is my absolute favourite!!! \"
\"@PharmStudents18: Next president of the United States of America.  #Trump2016 you've got my vote.\"
\"@TVDiva_critic:  let's get it on baby!!! Celebrity apprentice its on!!!\"
\"@Rick74467:  Getting ready to tune in for another great episode of #CelebrityApprentice... M2d2UY91Io\"
\"@trudlun: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC @CelebApprentice  awesome. We all know your keepin it real.
\"@IanZiering: Bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with EB. .. @ApprenticeNBC   WRqy89Ef1t\"
\"@LoiisLeto:  u are so nice on ur show! Xo\"
\"@coley716: It's a #CelebApprentice night!!!! Wonder who  will fire.\"
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
Let’s together Make America Great Again! Vote Trump at YoNf60s0lm
Via @bizjournals by @BrandonSawalich: \"3 lessons about loyalty that I learned from Donald Trump\" GeZdAl83Qi
Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Trump National Golf Club, Los Angeles, on the Palos Verdes Peninsula overlooking the Pacific Ocean--spectacular!lydaXl5hOU
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
\"@iadoreem  Great job on Tv this morning.\" Thanks.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
My @foxandfriends int. @FoxNewsInsider “'Once a Choker, Always a Choker': DJT Takes Credit for Romney Dropping Out” 0QuJxWs7Qh
\"@AuthorKnox: @ApprenticeNBC Pete Carroll need to be added to the show, worst play call in Superbowl History  fire his ass!\"
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
Via @globegazette by John Skipper: \"North Iowan says Trump serious about POTUS run - but he'll have to prove it\" nfeuo3B7si
\"@calenih71:  I am sick of Geraldo😁😁\"
\"@OH2BINAZ:  Kenya is a dirty thief! I hope she gets FIRED.\"
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
\"@jgriffith615: @MikeSington  stayed there many times its #FABULOUS\"
\"@fpatterson1050: @lovusa4  Salute to  .\" Thanks
\"@lovusa4: @fpatterson1050 Kind Compassionate Heart! Proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have Dad's Heart!\" Thank you!
\"@MunichEleven: Won't tiptoe around tough issues others fear! He has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the Boardroom.\"
\"@finndango: @ConcernedChick @Kateplusmy8  @KenyaMoore And now trying to rewrite herself as \"honest person\" who refused to do drama. Ha!\"
\"@cfarmer0608: If you run for president I would vote for you. This country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician.\"
Via @eonline:\"@IvankaTrump Wears @MissUniverse 2014's $300,000 Crown, Nails Beauty Pageant Winner Look\" nTDJxommxP
“@BrandiGlanville, @KenyaMoore, Talk @ApprenticeNBC Feud” hwYuTtZrhL via @ChristianPost by Virnelli Mercader
“Donald Trump: 'I Will Take Full Credit' for Romney Dropping Out” igRdlxOVzh via @Newsmax_Media by @ssfitzgerald
\"@DaRealKhefner:  you have my vote 👋\"
\"@JsdEdge: With all due respect, Why are you bluffing about running for President? I would vote for you!! We need a game Changer!  WATCH!
\"@craig_eaton12:  Please run for POTUS Mr Trump. The country needs you more then ever\"
\"@Priece714: if  ran for president that would make me so happy\"
\"@catham11:  Congrats Trump it's a great location🏢🏫\"
\"@TdavisTonya:  @oreillyfactor TRUMP FOR AMERICA!\"
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
\"@TpGraf82:  I can't wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best!\"
\"@J_ennaLeigh: What an amazing hotel. Worth every penny and then some. Thank you @TrumpWaikiki  tlQwYIIKIP\"
\"@Snowape_kitkat:  @Patti_Page @oreillyfactor voted\"  Thanks.
\"@russiannavyblog:  @ApprenticeNBC An announcement Mr Trump will run for President and fix the Obama-ruined nation?\"
\"@XNVGX:  @islandxxgirl we need the real Donald Trump to RUN for president 👍👌\"
\"@OgreUasshole: @oreillyfactor It's time for  .\"
\"@dcfoodsafety: @IanZiering @ApprenticeNBC   wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode I can't wait!\"
@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor
\"@Patti_Page: I voted 4 \"@oreillyfactor:Poll:Who do YOU want to run4president on the Republican side?Vote here: kd57t06AIw  Vote
\"@AndyKimKim:  #Trump2016?\"
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
“President Trump?” AXCrJhL1RX via @MiamiHerald by Wayne E. Williams
Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit ; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
Via @MiamiNewTimes by @Munzenrieder : “Doral Mayor Declares Emergency to Give Donald Trump Key to the City” Lkk5y2EQwb
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower Vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city aF5XY8Xu3p
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
My int. on @FoxNews’ @oreillyfactor: “Donald Trump, presidential politics and 'The Factor'” cKjqFaOmbD
Trump Int'l Golf Links Ireland in County Clare fronts the Atlantic Ocean ; is #1 Resort in Europe/Conde Nast Traveler nl4CTl2yIx
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
\"@VladimirRussia7   You are the best #billionare and the great teacher!I love your inspiring books!\" Thanks and good luck.
\"@Chevy_Mama:  I'm obsessed with @celebrityapprenticeNBC. Honestly,  Mr Trump, you are very inspiring\"
\"@buffyG6820: We need a President that is for the USA, Donald Trump knows how to make an empire.  #YVNCG inc.-Buffy Tgf46zXlnD\"
\"@K9_Bellavia:  really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. Turn us around.\"
\"Fallout from Iowa: Trump Speech Drew Greatest Response\" KKNzwK4kKM via @Newsmax_Media by Jim Meyers z3WJymkVDy
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump, @oreillyfactor Make Up After Digs at Each Other\" XUpoNpkRfC
\"@BWW_NYC: Major Jewish Newspaper to Pay Tribute to Joan Rivers ; Donald Trump Next Month... xpV97Z5zPA @Joan_Rivers
\"@DylanC98:  Can't wait to see the beautiful @TrumpDoral on live TV Mar. 5-8, in the promo the Blue Monster looked stunning!
\"@tara_doner:  run for president!\"
\"@KangDedy_RI_1:  Donald, you are my best mentor to richest and successful\"
Via @BreitbartNews by @THESHARKTANK1: \"DONALD TRUMP FIRES ENTIRE 2016 GOP FIELD\" Lc5VxAKh6K
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!
\"@rainbow74 @TheView I personally love  and really hope he runs for Prez! #CelebrityApprentice\"  Thanks
\"@MollyBozeman: I don't care what anyone says about him, I will always love \"  Nice!
\"@HarryPlush: Think  would be a great President\"
\"@googie1262 @ApprenticeNBC  Love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.TVwith a social conscience.About time
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
“Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful” oC3ku4IHvI via @Newsmax_Media
\"@pgatimmyd @nypost They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent.  EXACTLY what America needed to hear!\"  Thanks.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! otmD9WVZov
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! KCj2P1v9aJ
My parents:\n\"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\" -- Mary MacLeod Trump\n\"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\"  Fred C. Trump
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods   iNyM2MoQUy
Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? 2nNFF6cwlI
\"@JayDevereaux Ok Mr , get beyond talking and start doing. Announce a run, don't just talk. KbuyI96nmh\" Watch!
Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: \"Donald Trump towers over GOP field\" 57TclNsHg5 \"They hate us because they ain't us.\"
“Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally” 5bDsBUkjOH @TerryBranstad @KimReynoldsIA @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst @BNorthey
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” wbFc2B3QQn \"The Donald” should go far.\" Actually, if I run, I'll win.
\"@Dadeque:  The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste.\" I agree, but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad.
\"@seenontv66: When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote\" T
\"@fantasticharris:  loves the @Patriots\"
\"@marklevinshow: Excellent article, read to the end Y3ao7UKuqy\"  Thanks Mark, and keep up the great fight!
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said \"bull.\"
Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
\"@kwrcrow: Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages. wbFc2B3QQn #newyorkpost  @FoxNews #tcot\"  SO TRUE!
\"@willowfrantn:  I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you weren't on! Missed you!\" Wednesday!
\"@EyeOnPolitics: But, I loved seeing @IvankaTrump's brand on 's show. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great
\"@TAlcornVan:  Love #CelebrityApprentice and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump! 😎👍\"
\"@HeaViLybrOkN: I want @LeezaGibbons to win @ApprenticeNBC! She's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!
\"@MumzyIreland: @RealityTVBliss @1970Rachael @NixtheBlu @courtside I'd rather have  on my side than a few whiney housewives\"
\"@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 my idol  he's the motivation\"
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd\" FvI4vg56HB
Congratulations to the 7 @TrumpCollection properties who made @USNewsTravel's Best Hotels List: 1GgrePGJLM
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
Via @ConservReview by @JeffJlpa1: \"Why Donald Trump is Right\" 1CnDFBN175
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
\"@coverallpads:  @ApprenticeNBC awesome show. I haven't missed 1 show from season 1 till now\"  Great!
\"@GeneLingerfelt: Country's been run by low I.Q. people for years. Why @SenTedCruz, , amaze us when they speak.\"
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc
\"@ApprenticeNBC: By the way — you will NOT want to miss #Phonegate next week on #CelebApprentice. That's all we're gonna say.\"
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the \"massive\" storm.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual, the \"storm of the century\" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
\"@antoknee71:  @ChannyEats Omarosa of this season, Kenya!!!\"
\"@BuckyBirt: @13ascot81  #CelebrityApprentice has caused me to like Brandi.\"
\"@antonio_pitocco: First time watching #CelebrityApprentice tonight.  plays no games!\"
\"@tinkerbell5999: @KenyaMoore  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC I guess this is the first family
\"@NBCVote: Awesome! @northwesternsig got $25k from  and $40k from @GeraldoRivera for @CoastGuardFound Charity wins!\"
\"@Jdoran1021:  next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!!\" It will be best EVER!
\"@Gamiliell: @mrsowaters54 @MsVivicaFox  @TheApprentice9 i think Ms Fox outclasses both of them #justamatteroftime ;)\"
\"@ChannyEats:  wrong decision but I understand why you did it #ratings\"  Not really!
\"@NatalieArdyss: @KenyaMoore don't get on @MsVivicaFox nerves you just join the team #CelebApprentice  kenya a troublemaker\"
\"@sbinteriordesi1:  - I love this show, been watching since it started years ago!👍\"
\"@Bravolebrity1:  @GeraldoRivera is like that bunny that keeps on ticking Just waiting for him to explode!! #CelebApprentice
\"@one4eternity: !!!!!!! RT : \"@BalkesGirl:  @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!\"\"
\"@RomyNYCity:  @ApprenticeNBC I want to be a business woman someday ! Love this show :)\"
\"@therightnewz: Video--  to @greta : Jeb won't beat Hillary Clinton\"
\"@Bigdaddyjohnc: Mr. President when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? The celebrity apprentice is A perfect show.\"
\"@sammielicious4u: @BrandiGlanville oh and my apologies! How wonderful of  to give $25,000 to the CGuard. Amazing heart❤️
\"@njmusicfun: @GovChristie Watching  on #celebrityapprentice\"
\"@Dustin_Sloane: Kate Gosselin is low key good at these tasks @Kateplusmy8 #CelebApprentice \"
\"@KeatsBen:  Hello Mr President! I'm a big fan of your work mate and the show  #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@Bchipper83: All 3 of the Trump men are handsome! Love watching #CelebApprentice!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump\"
\"@jbrd77:  @anjOapariciO @MUniverso2015 that's the greatest smile EVER President Trump..\"
\"@IanZiering: @johndherz thanks for letting me use your  sketch tonight on  You're Pencilcasso! Aqoo9T35oe\"
\"@realmissalusa: \"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.\"  👑✨\"
\"@YanksMayor: @JohnnyDamon IS @ApprenticeNBC so  PLEASE don't fire him! @IvankaTrump  #DamonKnowsWinning\"
\"@Pretty_Nikki21:  is trying to set @KenyaMoore up putting her in loser seats #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BalkesGirl:  @ApprenticeNBC this show ROCKS!!!!\"
\"@Patti_Page: @ApprenticeNBC  One of the many reasons I like the Trumps...each family member is charitable and kind.\" Thanks
\"@KeirAlley: @KenyaMoore  @ApprenticeNBC Overall this is the best dressed cast ever! 👗👔👚👢 #rhoa\"
\"@aenochs64: @ApprenticeNBC @Kateplusmy8  great job supporting Sig and those bartenders :) beautiful and classy!!\"
\"@KenyaMoore: “@Mr_Noguez: Trump recognized Kenya's effort #CelebApprentice that's good @KenyaMoore”  thank u!\"
\"@sprinkler22: @ApprenticeNBC  I LOVE DONALD TRUMP....COAST GUARD -YES!!\"
\"@kariganfam: @ApprenticeNBC  Wonderful!!\"
\"@JerWaldorf: \"@LauraRHONC: Dear Mr. , Please Fire Geraldo's Ass! Sincerely, All #CelebrityApprentice Viewers\" I second this
\"@joeracccc17: Watching @ApprenticeNBC! The Trump Family so classy and smart, great people  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr\"
\"@LucianaLamb: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Nice of you to ask  to help the Coast Guard.👍\"
\"@MsGiantsFan: @CoastGuardFound @AngelGirl722  Great to hear!\"
\"@CoastGuardFound: @ApprenticeNBC  We couldn't agree more. Truly amazing!\"
\"@amyketterer: @BrandiGlanville so sweet asking  to give the US Coast Guard money too!!\"
\"@blazaruk: \"RT Where the hell is global warming when you need it?\" I dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the GOP in 2016\"
\"@Chris_R_2014: @GeraldoRivera I'm with  , The new WTC is not grand. It should've been much, much more grand.\"
\"@auggerdogger: \"Screw the terrorists\" @GeraldoRivera  @ApprenticeNBC #TheApprentice\"
\"@tomtumillo: What is worse, Geraldo screaming 'screw the terrorists' or Kenya feeling she's 'fabulous'? #CelebrityApprentice
\"@ugakasie: “@greta: .: I am sorry but @MittRomney choked - he doesn't get a second chance @GOP @FoxNews” Amen!\"
\"@hoban36:  Sig ; Johnny Damon are good guys. Met Damon several times last at Eric Trump's St JUDES Event he is always the gentleman.\"
\"@03SLex:  is my role model on everything.🙌\"
\"@kellyizthebest:  ❤️ @ApprenticeNBC Just when you think it can't get any better.. It does!!\"
\"@ChandlerHolgate: Say what you want about  but the man is an excellent businessman. He never gives up.
\"@maverickmidday:  Geraldo has lost his mind. Fire him please! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@512poolman:  @GeraldoRivera drives me CRAZY !!!!!! Can't stand him please fire him ASAP!!!!\"
\"@CRENpolitics: Geraldo and Sig are a disaster on this boat tour \"
\"@raysprings82:  @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo makes me laugh, I love him\"
\"@DJMIKEOL:  @one4eternity @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Run Donald Trump run. Run for POTUS.
\"@DJMIKEOL:  @jsager84 @IanZiering @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC fellow conservatives. I would just tell Donald to run\"
\"@_Ylvette: Woooow! Was I wrong?? Was  talking about Sig when he said vicious? #whatjusthappened #celebrityapprentice\"
\"@marino_joanna:  the hooters cruise is a bust literally\"
\"@anjOapariciO: \"@MUniverso2015: Paulina Vega, Miss Universo junto a  na8mIV67ux\" Donald se ve decepcionado\"
\"@RealityTVBliss: If I was ever on #CelebrityApprentice, then I would want to be on the team with @IanZiering. #GivesHisAll 
\"@NatashaOwnfan:  @ApprenticeNBC  yes Rockettes, broadway, and those celebrities there have themselves as props HELLO?\"
\"@Louisiana_BBW: @tborio  That's what I said too. That's something everyone knows about NYC and it's a huge celebration.\"
\"@one4eternity: RT @jsager84: @IanZiering has done great, why not listen to him again! SMH! @one4eternity @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC
\"@NatashaOwnfan: @TheCubicleChick @ApprenticeNBC  Each celeb could pose for photos, they can become the theme\"
\"@ayeshakfaines: No one did a Broadway theme?! Waiters in top hats ; tails, dancers, \"Kiss Me Kate\" cocktails...  #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@RealityTVBliss: @GeraldoRivera brings great entertainment to #CelebrityApprentice \"
All new @ApprenticeNBC starts right now! zufZfBxOw2
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
\"@nglandon:  I just saw you talking with @greta. Trump for Prez! I know you can get these clowns in line. You've got my vote
\"@ff7429b1dbb84b6:  @onesoldiersmom Donald you have to really try this time .We need you're skills\"
\"@bahia6085:  If this country is still existing with Obama in charge, then imagine if Trump was prez! It would be awesome.\"
\"@OwnageGiraffe:I was watching your commentary on the upcoming Presidential campaign. You're absolutely right about Mitt ; Jeb #Donald4Pres\"
\"@sethhenry78:  I saw you in Des Moines and now I can't wait for celebrity apprentice to start.\"
\"@AlexCsi: I hope I don't miss @ApprenticeNBC  #CelebApprentice @CelebApprentice due to news coverage of #Snowmageddon2015\"
\"@lcolosimo61: @greta  @MittRomney @GOP @FoxNews rhetoric, he would have become our next president.\"
\"@TinPotDickTator: DonaldTrump: Just imagine being sworn in Jan '17 ; as you bring your right hand down point at Barack ; say \"YOU'RE FIRED!
\"@SportingBecky:  @DonaldJTrumpJr #CelebrityApprentice tonight @IvankaTrump @IanZiering\"
\"@onesoldiersmom:I can't even imagine how great this place would be w/ you at the helm. Thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the USA
\"@jonahkeri:  YESSSS!!!! Oh Donald Trump, you truly are the king of kings.\"
\"@JerryLingle: .@_CFJ_ @BossHoggUSMC @HouseGOP  @GOP Save our nation, Tell the GOP Leadership(?!) to shut up and go home...\"
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Why do people give @KarlRove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? mbnmf8D8jI
@KarlRove spent $400M in 2012 ; didn’t win a single race 12InRskWGn
$ave your $. Don’t invest in @KarlRove. He doesn’t have a clue. 12InRskWGn
.@VenueMagazine_ highlights the opening of @TrumpDoral's brand new #RedTiger course: vguST5ZWN6
.@MissUniverse ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! kxlJXl69SD
Via @DMRegister :“@brentroske on Politics: Trump Talks Iowa” ncZ1WXLk4R
A huge honor for @TrumpToronto for being named #1 Luxury Hotel in Canada by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards hR6kBhUwBS
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “Donald Trump: I Can Make America Great Again” nYWN56ZY7T (Hyperlinked on @DRUDGE_REPORT)
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
\"@FreidaWashingt:  Good morning to you. The pageant was fabulous! Ms USA came so close. Then tonight is Celeb Apprentice.
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw gphFqf57fS
\"Donald Trump: Jeb Bush's Support of Common Core 'a Disaster'\" U40UQ0UvGl via @BreitbartNews by Dr. Susan Berry
Via @NYDailyNews by Rich Schapiro: \"Donald Trump slams Mitt Romney, Jeb Bush\" S27VscBx6x
\"@bgoudyGCC:  @NBCNews  Can't wait to see #SleepyEyes on the next #CelebrityApprentice. Oh wait, he would have to be a celeb
\"@tarheels31:  @NBCNews outside of the apprentice, hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka @nbc\"
\"@GriffinTimothy:  I bet ur great in bed\"  True!
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
My speech at yesterday’s @SteveKingIA @Citizens_United Iowa Freedom Summit  \nAbTlpRupej via @FoxNews
.@MannyPacquiao and friends at @TrumpDoral iNaq5E1whS
Via @BreitbartNews: “DONALD TRUMP AT SUMMIT: OBAMACARE A ‘FILTHY LIE,’ CAN BUILD ‘A BEAUTY’ OF A BORDER FENCE” ubqpHOogI8
\"@marino_joanna: DonaldTrump you would have my vote! It's time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office
\"@TinyPurpleFishs:  @FoxNews Oh yeah, and another thing, we NEED you to run! Save America before it's too late.\"
\"@zoukit1:  I have to admit that The Donald would make one heck of a president. Especially with the problems USA is facing.
\"@LRoybal12: “: “Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid” 256o8Xc0Jc via @NBCNews” Got my vote!\"
\"@JaniceSaulnier1: Keep trying different hotels while in Vegas, so far TRUMP is the easy winner... BY FAR in every way Wow! 
\"@markmoran_mn:  @NBCNews would be a shock to have an experienced CEO in the WH rather than incompetent community organizers
\"@JayhawkRunner: Good work @RoccoMediate shooting -5 today in the @ChampionsTour event in Hawaii ; sporting the  hat.
\"@mongo_ebooks: Please don't wuss out of running for President  \"
\"@OAV95: \"I'm the one person who can make this country great again, nobody else can\"-  5cb4I9HGWs\"
\"@Elginet:  @NBCNews Do it PLEASE!\"
\"@AnitaMarkdjones:  @NBCNews I wish you would , love to hear, you fired to them in Washington, D.C.\"
\"@KFRGHeather: Watching Home Alone 2 with the little. Didn't know  was on it! Love The Donald!\"
\"@jcthecook:  @MissUniverse hopefully europe will finally have a winner it's only been since 1990.\"
\"@TaneRollins:  U NEED to run against Romney/Bush. You know infinitely more about economics. But you must publicly criticize them #GOP\"
\"@laffranchini: @BamarshallA @politico  he is right neither Bush or Romney should run. We need someone who is not a wimp\"
\"@jackselo: The best phrase  has ever said? \"We don't need another Bush\" Well said!\"
\"@Mr_Babble: \"@brandeenscott21:  @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America\"\"
\"@pereirjb1: Best speech given by  @ FreedomSummit @Common Sense. says Jeb/Mitt *  LYIZzBKOkZ\"
\"@maguvera:  I'm so glad your show @ApprenticeNBC in @nbc will be extended 4 two hours.. I enjoy it !!!!! #great show\"
\"@mensamamma:  RUN DONALD,RUN!\"
\"@good_vibration7:  @NBCNews filipinos love u Mr Trump! you are famous in the Philippines!! we love what u do! thank you\"
\"@mensamamma:  Yes, My simple campaign slogan,which embodies your supporters' feelings \"RUN DONALD,RUN!\" Please Run Mr. Trump!!!!\"
\"@mensamamma: YOU HAVE to run Mr.Trump! YOU are the only person on the roster that can ACTUALLY do the job! PLEASE, Please Mr.Trump, RUN!\"
\"@seangraf: RT @ThomasARoberts: So this happened at dinner tonight @jeanniemai @NMoralesNBC  #MissUniverse 8pm WntDZ0BI1U\"
\"@yorkieartist: @Chris_1791 @FoxNews  was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions/he, @SenTedCruz were best\"
Via @bpolitics by @tdopp: “In Iowa, Trump Promises to ‘Surprise a Lot of People’” afpHEU9f9c
“Trump: 'Seriously Considering' a Presidential Bid” lbz0lKyOb8 via @NBCNews
“Trump: ‘No way’ Bush, Romney would win in 2016” i5sBC2IcqB via @FoxNews by Barnini Chakraborty
Via @RadioIowa by @okayhenderson: “Trump touts business career, but not TV show during Iowa speech” ovXnPEKEji
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit ; congrats to @David_Bossie ; @Citizens_United on a great success!
Via @thehill by @timdevaney: \"Donald Trump: GOP nominee ‘can’t be Mitt, can’t be Bush'\" ZnT7ayNBiC
Via @DMRegister by @WilliamPetroski: \"Trump: I can make America great again\" 4imrHjWe8f
Via @ABCPolitics by @rickklein: \"Trump Blasts Romney, Bush; Says GOP Has 'Nobody Like Trump'\" xVUzP1Z6lT
Watch the 63rd Annual @MissUniverse Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! TYomVUJV0V
With @C_Soules from #TheBachelor in Iowa- aXJDfrfreR
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: \"Trump to hand out Trump memorabilia at Iowa summit\" gN47z0KfFU
\"Trump rails on Romney as possible 2016 contender\" rJTW8B5BYN  via @nypost by @GeoffEarle
\"@dcfoodsafety:  mr. Trump do you have a favorite for the Super Bowl coming up what is your pick? Coach B, Brady and Kraft!
\"@dcfoodsafety:  @nbc @ApprenticeNBC that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on TV actually do that!\"
\"@Sam_Rellim: If Trump ran in 16' it would be the 1st time I could stand by our president since I was old enough to understand politics\"
\"@brandeenscott21:  @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs trump 2016 you have my vote\"
\"@DawnLACA:  @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs Wishing Trump was the Pres.\"
\"@vetteman88:  @DMRegister @JenniferJJacobs we sure could use someone who cares about America\"
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: \"Trump: 'I would've won the race against Obama'\" KVNfjCh9Yx
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\n -- Albert Einstein
With oil below $50, the blighted views by windfarms of historic @CulzeanCastle will be very sad. #SaveCulzean wQSIPBlv3o
Just leaving for @LandExpo in Iowa--standing room only. My great honor. @PeoplesCompany  BBIHXXKCCf
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
The @MissUniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @TrumpDoral- ekhGeX278r
\"@Bunyolan:  Top5 The 63rd Miss Universe should be #USA #THAILAND #COLUMBIA #SPAIN #JAMAICA #MissUniverse\"
\"@Stickmissosolog:  the top 2 of Miss Universe 2014 should be #Usa and #Colombia\"
\"@josealfredotel1:  I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia
\"@DShimogawa: When I grow up I want to be just like !\" Thanks.
\"@Sal_lyann:  @LandExpo no wonder you are smiling\"
\"@RafmyMillan: Thanks  for your tips on entrepreneurship,it encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at Uni! #MyPassion
\"@LandExpo: The Land Investment Expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our Eighth Annual on Friday. cetv0ORULL\"
\"@BigShowFarm: Donald Trump on @bigshowfarm, he'll be at @LandExpo tomorrow\"
\"@AuctioneerJared:  the @LandExpo has kicked off! We'll see you tomorrow! X79a8dpyQA\" I look forward to it!
\"@agtradertalk: Going to go see  at the @LandExpo tomorrow, last year it was @TBoonePickems\" Totally sold out, great.
\"@LuvCanes: Caught up on @CelebApprentice over the last two nights.  You've done it again! Awesome!\"
\"@Ethiopiawi: I love  personality\"
Which National Costume do you think should win? a2hpUlMF5K
Which National Costume do you think should win? yuJgB7yWGJ
Which National Costume do you think should win? oORVufxeWL
Which National Costume do you think should win? JUIOe6lRvs
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson VeBBOZPVRU
Which National Costume do you think should win? bQkfZl7f5G
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
The new winter menu @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @RobbReport zgePWOXoI6
Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart, concise, truthful!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.\n -- T. S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the tops style in menswear hotvBiBizM
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” MO4yzO2aSD
Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: “Meet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidates” Zo80gO5Zrn
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here WIH8gDAyuH
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach 2OlmwXgruv  #SCTeaParty15
I look forward to attending ; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd BBIHXXKCCf @PeoplesCompany
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- \"no more fighting!\" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse W8lWq9C5Qs
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
\"@Missey5Mae: I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will name  as the chief trade negotiator.\"
\"@catham11:  @DallasVercillo Trump has SWAG 😘😘😘\"
\"@Cheflucky23: You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!😉\"
\"@PamplinFilmCo:  When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings ; fire someone each week?\"
\"@pwrussell95:  should've been you making that speech tonight #SOTU2015\" I agree!
\"@resilienceisme:  what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?\"  Beautiful and nice!
\"@gamoffour:  @SassyPantsjj Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!\"
\"@Lord_Sugar: Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @IanJamesPoulter\" Yes, call me!
\"@SassyPantsjj: SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, it's WAY too short this season, realize there's 2 episodes BUT want MORE\"
\"@Nancy_Miracle:  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. \"President Trump\"....i'm ready for it!!!\"
\"@BullAlyssa:  ... Your tweets are always epic!! 😂\"
\"@jmontgomery1965: Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!\"
\"@jackgulas:  @fitsnews agree with Mr. Trump for @GOP nominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.\"
\"@JayLefkowitz: @Dewarsplz  @fitsnews @SenTedCruz Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.\"
\"@957thegame: What's more intimidating, Mariano Rivera's cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says it's Trump. @Apprentice
\"@thetomzone: Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts\"
\"@delans: \"Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event!\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@DallasVercillo: Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts\" Great.
With @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! Nrtr5BWurc
Tonight on @ExtraTV, I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
ICYMI, @IvankaTrump’s int. on @TODAYshow discussing @Joan_Rivers ; contestant rivalries on @ApprenticeNBC   Em7bgj10SM
Tomorrow on the @MissUniverse Facebook page submit your final question for the contestants- PmGTzqYROg
Great list of spring travel ideas from our @TrumpCollection properties: oCV2lvqZqf
Via @thestate by @AP: “Donald Trump: Giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run” FU98Rn59T6
With Joan Rivers and ivankatrump from last night's great boardroom! F5Q4a2RgoZ
\"@DShimogawa: Another great #celebrityapprenctice #CelebApprentice tonight! @IvankaTrump @EricTrump  @nbc @Nordstrom
\"@theoneguyandrew: It's such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9 @ApprenticeNBC.Thank you for airing this!\"
\"@JayLefkowitz:  @fitsnews Agreed! Romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat Hillary. We need Trump!\"
\"@catham11: @EW  you were my inspiration to go for my B.S. in marketing😄😄😄\"
\"@catham11: @EW Love this man!!! \" Thanks.
\"@MelRivers:  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Thank you for all of your kindness and support. My mother loved you all.\" LOVE!
\"Donald Trump To Mitt Romney: 'You’re Fired'\" 8KjL74PaNe via @fitsnews
Via @BPolitics by @Griffin \"Aboard Donald Trump’s 757 at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention\" fSb6yvEqUY
“TEA TALK: Highlights from Monday convention speech from Donald Trump” HbeF6TD2A8 via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu
\"@CarolinaLive inside look at Donald Trump's private jet\" L5siaPOzMp by @MarcLiverman
\"@DJ4Corners:  Looking forward to the next episode..\"
\"@MyNamesJae: I love . He cracks me up. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@iammetx: Love  comment about what @KenyaMoore said about LR. LMAO!!!@BrandiGlanville #CelebApprentice #teambrandi\"
\"@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13  him and Sailor Jerry\"
Via @wmbfnews: \"Donald Trump puts Tea Party on map for 2016\" QIneOOZUqz
\"@MWypa18:  love Leeza, she's amazing tonight\"
\"@ChrissyCmc:  I am Loving @BrandiGlanville on the show :) :) she is my favorite. #ApprenticeNBC\"
\"Trump at Tea Party\"\nmxogYWkq8z via @myrbeachonline
\"@DaveKaszerman:  great season. It gets better every week.\"
\"@brizzzzzle: Watching Celebrity Apprentice and missing Joan Rivers ☹ @joanrivers \"
\"@OrianaUK:  my daughter n I watching #CelebApprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman, love the boardroom.
\"@MightyWhimpFarm:  It is so unbelievably nice to see @Joan_Rivers on the @TheApprentice9! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@MissCongress:  and @ivankatrump are my favorite people on TV. #CelebApprentice\"  Thanks.
\"@melchaz23:  you are so genuine with Joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was.\"
\"@Eryn3043: It was so great to see Joan Rivers back on my TV screen, truly miss her 💜 Thank you DonaldTrump. I love watching The Apprentice
\"@Sattendoll:  - I do not understand how are they still in business.\"  H ; R Block is terrible!
\"@jerrimoore:  awesome. A treat to get to see the brilliant Joan Rivers once more #icon\"
\"@JasonPruett1:  What a true entrepreneur! Celebrity Apprentice creates great leaders, which offers successful tools along this journey!\"
\"@AmandaGeorge22: @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice  you did awesome ! Loved the challenge !!\"
\"@lirpa_mc:  Loved seeing Joan Rivers tonight! And @IvankaTrump is such a classy, amazing woman. You should be proud!\"
\"@J_ennaLeigh: Everything  touched turns to gold #takenotes @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@susieqlaw:  great PM choices! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@OrianaUK: u r amazing, students and business's learn so much through ur program it's very inspiring as well as entertaining. Thank u!\"
\"@stacygalore: I think I'm getting addicted to  power and his voice. #CelebrityApprentice #yourfired\"
\"@Nikk1985: @IvankaTrump you have such amazing style and a strong role-model  should be proud\"
\"@phillynutt68: My only Question to  how do you handle all these Celebs? Crazy! My hats off to you!\"
\"@welolawants: 💔😔Bittersweet to see the very missed ; very talented @Joan_Rivers on @TheApprentice9. \"
\"@lolabeauty33:  I love watching the two episodes in one! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@NatashaOwnfan: @ShawnJohnson @ApprenticeNBC  You have accomplished so much this young, you have a huge road ahead\"
\"@BeetaBenjy: I really, genuinely love . A man of reason.\"
New episode starting now!
\"@tmadsen32: No better way to spend my Monday evening than watching Celebrity Apprentice \"
\"Trump arrives for SC Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach\"\nGg0Evnb5FR via @WCBD
\"@DJ4Corners:  You were awesome!\"
\"@Allstars_S2:  @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice You did a good job Ivanka. Great show!\"
\"@JamieLee2B:  so nice to see One last look at Ms. Joan Rivers on #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@IGotAngelEyes:  @IvankaTrump @CelebApprentice Awesome\"
\"@marybrittles:  Joan is one of the greats. Wonderful to see her on #TheApprentice for the last time. God bless you Ms Rivers.\"
\"@CarolinasToday:  do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom?\"  Not often!
\"@IvankaTrump: Btw this is a @CelebApprentice first–I announced the project winner!  how did I do?\" Great!
\"@GabbardJodi:  @Tamster613 @ApprenticeNBC would not miss it for anything.\"
\"@burgundylue: I am enjoying watching Joan Rivers on @ApprenticeNBC thanks  for inviting her #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@Capital_Golf:  my 10 yr old daughter watches #CelebrityApprentice over Disney Channel. #lovestowin #willlovetheshoes\"
\"AIR FORCE TRUMP: AHEAD OF 2016, THE DONALD SLAMS ROMNEY, BUSH IN SOUTH CAROLINA\" DIMQdF1nxC via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1
\"@sabrinabrierowe: @CelebApprentice  Rushed home to watch my FAVORITE show #CelebApprentice ..... @TuLa2Nails\"
\"@TheStangShow:  you the man! You can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks\" Thanks.
\"@HoganSeaisle129: @ApprenticeNBC  @DonaldJTrumpJr @Joan_Rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous Joan rivers and Ivanka
\"@Madisonbb11:  The theme song NEVER gets old. #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@Dm1one: Not feeling well today, but I must take the time 4 #CelebrityApprentice ; #JoanRivers #CelebApprentice Great Season!
\"@NatashaOwnfan:  @ApprenticeNBC tick tock it's here, love this show\"
\"@Tamster613: Who is watching @ApprenticeNBC with me? #CelebApprentice \"
\"@keithwmcandrew: It's going to be an emotional @ApprenticeNBC tonight with @Joan_Rivers final TV appearance. #CelebApprentice
\"@rickvanhouse:  Cigars, scotch and The Apprentice. The best. Pa82l6j4ZC\"
\"@TimboWoods:  can't wait for tonight's show. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@AdiScurtu: Time for my weekly fix of #CelebrityApprentice \"
\"@Antonio_Annesi:  Always look forward to Monday nights! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@RealityTVBliss: Tune into #CelebrityApprentice at 8 PM EST on #NBC with the beautiful ; smart @KenyaMoore \"
\"@JFoxy: @BabcocksFlyHair  do not listen don you are great and should be presidant\" Thanks.
\"@ShortCakesSheep:  I can't wait!!!\"
\"@abbydNYC: “: The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
Via @CarolinaLive by @JoelAllenWPDE:“Big names wrap up largest ever SC Tea Party Coalition Convention” 52xCeywzZp
Via @myrbeachonline by @TSN_MPrabhu: \"Donald Trump states case for becoming POTUS at SC Tea Party convention\"\nb3HWGXEkXu
\"@MarkSimoneNY:  Slams Romney 2016: ‘He Choked like a Dog’ Last Time WZgeaeeDqw …\"
\"@vivianbrown21:Can't WAIT till tonight To see EpisodeW/\"JOAN RIVERS\"!!a true Winner!! Hope you PayTribute to her GREATNESS! ♡JOAN#RIVERS !\"
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
\"@stkhlder3: @BrandiGlanville awww looks like such fun! #TeamBrandi I'm loving ya on @ApprenticeNBC !! Good job 
\"@DanScavino:Tom Brady ;  make for solid golf partners at Trump National Golf Club. #PatriotsVSColts d2t8XAjf4x\"
\"@SritaColombia: Do you think that #MissUniverse is like a world cup? TOTALLY AGREE \"
\"@AngieMcMonigal: A glorious winter afternoon in #Chicago @TrumpChicago  5Eb1bKQhPD\"
Via @NOLAnews by @DaveWalkerTV: \"Donald Trump praises @Joan_Rivers as 'strong,' 'vibrant' in @ApprenticeNBC return\" X3UZtSil1G
\"@ApprenticeNBC: In Memory of @Joan_Rivers\" 9kER9Wxjky via @TVGrapevine
\"@AllieKAT129:  I don't know what you do but your doing it right.\"
\"@notTeridax: hey  you'd be the best president ever if you ran, right now you're hotter than ever!
\"@Desify:  @notTeridax @AlphaQuintesson You got tweeted by D Trump? Ur a legend..\"
\"@AHataas:  @Tigre_Hoy @MissUniverse Go Miss Philippines!!\"
\"@Mr_Babble: \"@BernardCastro3:  Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.\"\"
“Donald Trump to headline SC Tea Party Convention” 0ja1yS3gXO via @wyffnews4
\"@pjleger:  In my opinion this is the best season of The Celebrity Apprentice!!\"
\"@MuaRia_:  can't wait for the Miss Universe Pageant! Hopefully another Latina takes the crown. 💃👑\"
\"@Kbherman: 75 degrees and perfect @TrumpGolfLA Beautiful work  !!! of5KTtJ4Pz\"  Thanks.
Via @fitsnews:  \"Donald Trump Knows How To (Tea) Party - THE DONALD PLANS SPLASHY LANDING IN MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.\" I63Pftqv7e
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
\"@yeenkochchapong:  Thailand Xl3scYVOTG\"
\"@PatricijaBelous: This man is our everyting!!!  @TrumpDoral XGT2nmwQUD\"
\"@Gilmore747: Miss Universe Top Contender this year? Y or N  #MissUniverse Ze7AREdGVl\"
\"@BJKizer74:DonaldTrump Why do we keep putting the same people on the Republican ticket for POTUS? Romney? Bush? Cruz? Paul? #YourTimeIsNow\"
\"@ZyeZHE:  @MissUniverse Top 6 7Z5o8eCGa8\"
\"@uf9606084212012:  please save us run #savior got my vote\"
\"@caejh: Got out of class and immediately turned Donald Trump on as loud as I could. It's the weekend\"
\"@JordanWells119: I forgot how much I love #TheApprentice and Trump, so glad I'm watching this season! All hail king \"
\"@Rick74467:  @DonaleeCurtis @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice is only reality show that's interesting to me! Plus it's for charity.\"
\"@BernardCastro3:  Whether it's the original or celebrity version,I love @ApprenticeNBC.\"
\"@JasonPruett1:  Ready for a new eppisode of The Celebraty Apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks\"
\"@AlamsyahDoni:  please rate her Miss Indonesia, one of Fadil's fave J8ii3lOYiu\"
\"@dpc1975: I will never get a reply but  is the real deal. #TCA15 is the best show on tv right now.\"
\"@VladimirRussia7:  Oh,How I respect you- a billionaire,a family man,and a TV Star!\" Thanks.
\"@mvermi: . @SenTedCruz  @RealBenCarson  head to the Palmetto State #SCTeaParty15. Don’t miss it v5IMXsp9zI\"
\"@LeezaGibbons: Look at us acting all nice at the #TCA15 for apprenticenbc !  was quite the headline… ndi201oTWv
\"@douglas_swain: The BEST hotel in Chicago!  Love this place! v7dSXr3tHI\"
\"@tuertaorsini: @bpinspiracion no deberiAs mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas Miss Argentina  WXJ2TUAUwb\"
Via @eonline by @BrettMalec: “2014 @MissUniverse Contestants” wjHC5mCCmW
“@AP Interview: @MissUniverse Gabriela Isler reflects as her reign winds down” WyXHzutGI6 via @YahooNews
Via @PVPatch by Paige Austin: “Trump to Donate 12 Acres for Conservation in Palos Verdes” CsIF8RP7qe
“Donald Trump: I'm Not Buying the @BrooklynNets” QlOqezDqrt via @TMZ_Sports
Via @WTOC11: \"Donald Trump headlines Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach\" kTuSn6eSEs Looking forward to visiting SC on Monday!
\"@YankeeRunnerLV:  God Bless You for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend Joan Rivers in Monday's @ApprenticeNBC
\"Donald Trump donates land to conservation group in Palos Verdes\"\nl7FFgaMOqW via @MyNewsLA
“Donald Trump turns over 11.5 ac.in Rancho Palos Verdes for recreational open space” nP5Y2OB4X4 @DailyBreezeNews by @meg_barnes
Via @NYDailyNews by Eugene Dunn: “Trump the Nation's Great Hope” fsApohRoYP
\"@engy20:  I think you would be one of the great Presidents! Admiration and respect from Canada Mr. Trump!\" Thanks.
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
\"@NatashaOwnfan:  @MissUniverse @TrumpDoral @KylePorterCBS @CBSSports Donald, you have such a huge heart, love everything Trump\"
\"@Bernardv777: I always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit Mr.President!\"
\"@gcolangelo68:  its unbelievable lately poor Atlantic City\" True, very sad, but I left years ago.
\"@CaptainNormal:  Don't run for President! You'll win and I won't get to watch Celebrity Apprentice for four whole years!\"
\"@codematic:  @buffyG6820@HouseGOP @EPN Dont get me wrong, Mr. Trump is awesome, but where is he on our rights 1st, 2nd, 4th
\"@bringsjohn: Well,  has a point. But Caesar never filed for bankruptcy either. nV3h31FJf6\"
\"@funton08:  @VenueMagazine_ @TrumpDoral That is beautiful\"
\"@unique4x:  run already dude!\"
\"@seandoncito: “@B_Cavaliere: Donald Trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!! 
\"@DanielCClarke:  would love to play that golf course some day!!\" TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL
\"@natswish:  The country needs to be run like a business. No better person for the job than you!\"  I agree, thanks.
\"@KentBulle: Heading to  Trump International in West Palm for a match with @MarkSilvers3 @gene_sauers and Mike Goodes.
\"@VenueMagazine_: . unveils brand new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- 0kyD2jwiAu K0BtAQOeNP\"
\"@buffyG6820: I say Donald Trump takeover the WhiteHouse now, Barack Obama is a fraud. DonaldTrump @HouseGOP @EPN tWZkTPyayR\"
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
“WATCH: @MissUniverse contestants golf with Donald Trump @TrumpDoral” 4piSTXG0G7 via @KylePorterCBS by @CBSSports
\"@smileygirl2328: @IanZiering love u on The Apprentice \"
\"@ahansen20:  Trump National Doral = Beatiful, amazing, ; #BestShowersEver...and Gary Players pics in my room doesn't hurt!\"
\"@Jack_P_Ivory:  for president! Only vote worth casting!\"
\"@KeatsBen:  Donald Trump for President! Big fan of the #CelebrityApprentice  \"
\"@KimJongSean:  this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election, would love to see you on the ballot!\"
\"@robspardello:  @Leodolphin3 @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @KenyaMoore @GeraldoRivera can't wait till apprentice !!!\"
\"@MaddyMcnabb: Love when  gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! It's a great motivator😊\" Thanks.
\"@JanetSpencer15:  excited you will be in Myrtle Beach this weekend.\" See you there!
\"@elsalopes53:  It would be really great to invite Ximena Navarrete as a surprise guest to next MUshow. We love her and we miss her!!\"
\"@Leodolphin3:  @gillibean8514 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc I hope @KenyaMoore or @GeraldoRivera win. They are fun to watch.
\"@Shinatasangh: My stunning friend @NoyonitaLodh Miss India hope she gets 3rd @MissUniverse crown 4 India @LaraDutta yHXmG6Aayh\"
\"@flipper3964: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc  You look amazing!\" Thank you.
\"@melissabxny:  can't wait for the new ferry point park course to open\" Will be great.
\"@gregg7493: Need democrats out so I hope republicans and tea party don't split the votes come election time. PS love the Apprentice\"
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! qkMriOTcWb
Via @LINKSMagazine: “Only The Donald\" 6LeLOsU9Rm
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the \"satirical\" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
\"@JaayZen: @seanhannity Sean, I've been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.
\"@gillibean8514: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc  your awesome I hope you win brandi.\"
\"@tonymcman:  president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?\"
\"@eliastahan:  2016\"
\"@bensardella: All class on #CelebApprentice by @terrellowens - good job TO! cc \"
\"@arabiangolftv: Great progress at #Akoya by @damacproperties architect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for #Dubai! lezbqC5dhh
Via @beforeitsnews: “WATCH: See How Trump Just Torched Obama, Biden, Kerry For Snubbing Paris Anti-Terror March” XOEi6MH1Te
The new Red Tiger course at @TrumpDoral- 6Vf0rgkZmM Follow @TrumpGolf for more great photos.
ICYMI, @IvankaTrump’s @waytooearly int. w/@ThomasARoberts on @ApprenticeNBC's firings,Trump Int’l DC ; @MissUniverse x4if2jatZa
“A list golfing buddy! @Tegan__Martin enjoys golf w/Donald Trump ahead of\n@MissUniverse” GCz1z0XxqB via @DailyMailCeleb
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom. xossBgxzTd
“@NBCApprentice: And the fired celebrities are...” WtBjUyWPhr via @ew by @DaltonRoss
Via @SunSentinel by @JoanieCox: “In Palm Beach, nothing trumps the Trump Invitational” nlRAkKtbeg
“Trump on Romney: ‘You Just Can’t Give Him Another Chance’:Some golfers can't sink the 3 ft. putt.” MOxUQlWG0X via @PJMedia_com
Via @CBSmiami by @LisaPetrillo: “Trump Unveils Renovated @TrumpDoral Red Tiger Golf Course” GNJpH4qGml
\"@jdm_jennifer:  wow Monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with Joan Rivers.\"
\"@AbeLerner: Now you Have to run for #prez  LGQu5iWmtZ\"
\"@Inception_E: “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.”
\"@Katebug7777777:  @IvankaTrump Enjoying this season of @CelebApprentice Thank you for your intelligent, powerful, common sense approach
\"@TheDeckerFiles:  people are talking about you running for the prez.
\"@AlexMayMcGregor: Watching #CelebApprentice and I think @IanZiering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice.
\"@gunjan507: MISS UNIVERSE PRELIMINARY COMPETITION ON JANUARY 21 wVfRJ6OMAs @NoyonitaLodh @MissUniverse 
\"@Katebug7777777:  I know it makes for an exciting show on @CelebApprentice, but I still wish more had integrity ; patience
\"@fanfareman: DonaldTrump Sir so enjoyed Appren tonight tears in eyes for Terrell Shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold
\"@mrkblds: @northwesternsig @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sig's just layin in the cut, sizin em up, ; lettin his pots soak! All bizz! GOOOO HAWKS!!\"
\"@DanFarfan: More fun @ApprenticeNBC dual tonight. T.O. was in tough spot. Perhaps this.. Chltjth8Lf :-) 
\"@misnsomething:Donald was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to $300,000.00 #CelebApprentice\"
\"@LADillard4: @IanZiering was incredible tonight on #CelebApprentice ! @ApprenticeNBC \"
\"@KenyaMoore:I don't know what's more intimidating going in the boardroom with DonaldTrump or being judged by @IvankaTrump and @Donald Jr
\"@mrzmazz: #CelebApprentice Why do we have to see @GeraldoRivera with out his shirt?  please stop this from happening.\"
\"@norahs1967:  please please please run for president!!!\"
\"@arezo_ra: @GeraldoRivera your my #favorite on #TheApprentice \"
\"@wendimac27:  My husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say \"you're fired\" #CelebApprentice.
\"@Shipwreck2014:  for president, I cant wait for next Monday to watch @TheApprentice9\"
\"@jenlynette:  what an awesome night! #CelebApprentice\"
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
“@HoganSeaisle129:  who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
\"@Jules_2010:  @JohnnyDamon What's Geraldo #gameplan #RunJohnnyRun @IanZiering #TeamIan Wyr6bOXWY7 @2paragraphs\"
My @foxandfriends int.on @FoxNewsInsider:“'We Have No Leadership': Trump Slams Obama for Skipping Paris Unity Rally” fBOrii03RW
COTHSIXaVJ Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My @morning_joe int. w/@morningmika, @JoeNBC ; @ThomasARoberts f/@trumpdoral on why Romney shouldn't be @GOP nominee\nziooSi5VTO
Via @thehill by @HugginsRachel: “Trump looking 'very seriously' at 2016 run” wSO2JXaqF5
\"@spooh_news:  if you decide to run, I volunteer to run your Southwest VA campaign\"
\"@gcjaramillo1:  Please run for President! This country needs you Mr Trump!!\"
\"@jlow: Monday mornings are twice as hard when I don't have @foxandfriends AND Donald to listen to. Thanks @dish for taking away my FOX! 😡\"
\"@De__deVries:  heading to #Miami to watch the @MissUniverse all the way from Australia !!! can't wait 😘\"
\"@mattygeorge: #CelebApprentice is back! 1st episode on now in Australia! Love the boardroom drama, so good raising $$ for charity\"
\"@SnoBurd: Here's an idea: Why don't DonaldTrump and @MittRomney run on the same ticket, instead of running against each other?\" No thanks!
\"@AmandaJ1981: Watching episode 1 of the new season of The Apprentice in Melbourne, Australia! It's Boardroom time!! Love this show!!\"
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
\"@jhspraggins: @herself311 @GeraldoRivera's ego is outta control! I believe he's trying to upstage Trump, but that will never happen.\"
\"@nancynaigle: RT : \"@jhspraggins:  please fire @GeraldoRivera soon! ...\"
\"@STERLINGMHOLMES:  Cant wait to hear you on @foxandfriends on @FoxNews this morning. #CommonSenseMan\"
\"@Kolie_Yola: I do like !\" Thank you.
\"@RealPro4Real: @IvankaTrump @JoFroggatt #DowntonAbbey is just awful... too British :-( I prefer @ApprenticeNBC with \"
\"@ODedOnRealityTV:  Anxious for another 2 hrs. of @ApprenticeNBC tonight.
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
\"@TJoanides:  I have a huge problem with the Celebrity Apprentice. It's only on once a week! #BingeViewer\" Sorry!
\"@chriswerner1988:  TRUMP 2016 !!!\"
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
\"@danielprofit: @jskrepak @RealJamesWoods  You really think we will have another elected President Before Obama starts WW3\"
\"@RyanJacob56:  run for president please\"
\"@CunninghamNY: Im on board for a  presidency! The man knows what he's talking about!\"
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
\"@mareegrandy:  No No No ... Gosselin Has Go To Go ...\"
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
\"@The_Life_Of_DG:  you know how to lead! That's what the people need!!\"
\"@bpeazy42:  make $ while others sleep!\"
\"@rmutt_17:  = A great man.\" Thanks.
\"@danhalen: DonaldTrump great job on Letterman last night! Great points on healthcare and our national debt! Thank you for bringing that up\"
\"@skinner5569: @piersmorgan  @ApprenticeNBC @MarkBurnettTV Mickey Rourke R U going on The Apprentice?\"
\"@mills0210: @terrellowens what the celebrity apprentice ; as a Cowboy fan, I'm rooting for u!!! 💕 \"
\"@Kleptocratia:  @scooper1949P me too, Donald Trump for President!\"
\"@hidej491:  WIth us you are No.1\"
\"@cpetelis:  I have been hearing Mitt Romney might run. He doesn't know nothing. You do.\" He had his chance and he blew it!
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
\"@diamondd_keefy:  should be president!!! #Presidenttrump\"
\"@jewmoney5280:  Geraldo Rivera is the Gary Busey of this season of #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@run: Can you really argue withDonaldTrump view that an individual has the right to defend self ; family when life is directly threatened?
\"@LTaustin_: #CelebrityApprentice is my favorite reality show right now 🎬💰 S/O \"
\"@DexterTeebow:  : U R spot-on; however, \"Fools reject and even rage at truths.\" King Solomon.\"
Via @WDesMoinesPatch by @DerekJ3031: “@ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC”\nrrYCPUvBiB
Via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk_wbtw: “Donald Trump will deliver keynote address to the SC Tea Party Convention” QHAkXuH8CC
“@Letterman to Donald Trump: ‘Fire @geraldorivera’”\nevggsZMnZ1 via @Mediaite by @TheMattWilstein
“@MissUSA Nia Sanchez of Nevada is ready for @missuniverse” knk0p9jFts via @lasvegassun by @Robin_Leach
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump 2016: 8 Facts About Personal Life of GOP Presidential Hopeful”\nuE5GCm5Npw
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
Watch my appearance on @Letterman from last night- lguvcKtW0g
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.\n -- Henry Ford
\"@Carastarey: So glad The Celebrity apprentice is back!! I love this show.  @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@scooper1949P: Hello Mr. Trump. I am very proud of you for saying what you said about \"Guns in Paris\". I hope you become President.\"
\"@erikmthompson: I just don't want #DonaldTrump to run for president because that would mean no more #TheApprentice  Donald Trumps Letterman
\"@_Snurk: We need  to save the day! We're not worryin' at all bc Donal Trump is ON THE WAY 2016!! Listen for his call!\"
\"@ZachAdkinsZ:  You should totally run for president. I don't think Hillary has what it takes.\"
\"@HargraveGlobal: I really hope  is running for president.\"
\"@macaronipizzaa:  would make everything better if he ran for president lol\" I agree.
\"@JamieScoins: Would you approve of Martin @ Scorsese or Francis Ford Coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? Would be fascinating!\"
\"@toby_boyer:  we need you to save our country! #runforprez\"
\"@mrgardner81:  on letterman.. #classic\"
\"@d_bunzz:  The donald looking good in the red tie on David letterman #VoteRed #2016\"
\"@mikeyjacques:  is a BAD A$$, I could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life.\"
\"@JackiieG: Why isn't  president yet #2016 is your year\"
\"@_castoz:  should be president of the united states\"
\"@jjeffries33:  hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on Letterman! #trump2016\"
\"@cwbyfn12:  you really need to run for president. Our country needs a leader like you!\"
\"@Brad_Carley:  Awesome Job on Letterman, great interview!\"
\"@BIGDADDY441:  run for president so that Hillary don't win. Please?\"
\"@coxsam5: I swear  is my ideal. I just wanna be successful\"
\"@gpadilla0724: . should definitely run for president in 2016! What a true American\"
\"@MarkWeinzierl: Love that  is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment!\"
\"@twojjrs: “: \"@JuliaKoinis:  tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald\"” He Should be #President\"
\"@Dapp4:  Man I love you! #TheDonaldForPres.\"
\"@ConConBonBon7:  saw u on Letterman, always a treat! #Trump2016 #Trump4President\"
\"@RositaLacruz: I love you  I love yours books ♡♡♡ resgards from Venezuela!!!!\"
\"@CuneytGkn:  keepıng ıt real on Davıd Letterman 👍👍 PzIVEqBwka\"
\"@yolandpop:  \"@sassysexylove: \": \"@tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.\"\" ABSOLUTELY!\"
\"@MoneGuapboi716: \": \"@LikeFineWine63:  You ROCK and I 💗u!\"\"\"
\"@sassysexylove:  \"@AdamAngus15:  #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show\" Great.\" My mom;I watch together! #Bonding\"
\"@city1star:  Great job on Letterman. You're absolutely correct about healthcare it's horrible ; not working.\"
\"@b0923ef3dd5d46c Wow! Thx Donald! You said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people.....\"
\"@allteamscards:  Great interview on #Letterman. Yes, we r going to miss him!\"
\"@daxdav21: Say what you will about , the man is not only a business ; political expert, but he truly loves his country!
\"@JuliaKoinis:  tellin it how it is on letterman, love ya Donald\"
\"@marinafey: @ximenaNR  both of you are role models\"
\"@MrsMikeHoover:  watching @The_lateshow I'm thinking #DonaldTrump for president 🙏🙏🙏 please run I'll vote 👍🇺🇸\"
\"@HeelsGunner: Watched  on The Late Show talk fiscally responsible politics, we need more of that in this country!\"
\"@RayPlaca:  watching you now. Great tv\"
\"@XimenaFansNR: @ximenaNR  Of course she is the BEST! No one will ever be better than she 💗\"
\"@BenjamineEm: 's views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on @Letterman is spot on.\"
\"@sassysexylove: \": \"@tiyah_valentina: #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.\"\" ABSOLUTELY! Wish it was on more!\"
\"@ClarkRogers123:  tellen it like it is such a Genius!!!!\"
\"@tiyah_valentina:  #CelebrityApprentice best show of alllllll time.\"
\"@LikeFineWine63:  You ROCK and I 💗u!\"
\"@jenlynette:  @lordmackie1 great show this season #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@KevWeezy5:  = my personal hero\"
\"@AdamAngus15:  #CelebrityApprentice = my new favorite show\" Great.
\"@StacyRippy:  Darn it! If only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a BUT THEY DON'T\"
\"@lordmackie1:  just caught up on the celeb apprentice AND IM HOOKED. GERLADO IS A MANIAC AND I LOVE IT AND YOU\"
\"@Nnogemane:  just watched y interview-the economic club. Great interview!!\" Thanks.
\"@Christ_Step:  2016 better be the year, first year I'll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office.
.@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
\"@DuttyVal202: “: It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!”
\"@FrobBedrickson:  love the #CelebrityApprentice! Absolutely 100% gold!\"
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: \"Donald Trump: France's Strict Gun Laws Enabled Attack\"\n4YkDDwRdu1
Fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLama
Looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘Friend of Israel’ award at the @Algemeiner Gala Dinner qZ2VZtQGuP
To be completed this year,Trump Int’l Golf Club Dubai will feature a 7,205-yard, par 71 ; double-sided driving range K6oPtN6JFo
Via @ArutzSheva_En by Moshe Cohen: “Donald Trump: French Gun Control Allowed Terrorists to Succeed” 3fqxyrH1U0
I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago. MgWZnXvqME
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Via @nypost by @StarrMSS: “Trump: @ApprenticeNBC contestants ‘the meanest by far’” prXk25MSc1
Watch @ApprenticeNBC episode 2 online again via @nbc: “Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump\"\n  p1kwvR3Bzg
\"@InsideSouthFL: Photo: #JonathanAldridge ; #DonaldTrump  #1 show @TheApprentice9 @NBC! #1 Golf Course @TrumpDoral! plLUbr9WlF\"
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
\"@JustSoldCom: Finally a real American running America!! \"
\"@TristanDixon17: I always said I'd never vote but if  runs for president than he's got mine #trump2016\"
\"@alli_dukes: I'd love to see  run in 2016\"
\"@salvatorenasca:  A real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep. #TRUMP2016 #Work;Progress\"
\"@HGswiney: I want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around . #Trump16\"
\"@SparkleAWin: Besides U, I think @IvankaTrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman President. Very business savy like her dad\"
\"@awildpiglet:  we need you in that office!! #Trump16 !!\"
\"@sassysexylove: \": Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION! --- just look at our country.\" Exactly right! #trump2016\"
\"@prowland11:  can't wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! #Trump16\"
\"@Jake_Wiley12: #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 #Trump16 \"
\"@kencee11: We need you to run for POTUS. we need a REAL American, one with the same values that built this country.. GO TRUMP 2016 !\"
\"@chrispalmer:  Trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president, I hope\"
\"@mustafa_nadia:  @BNicehouse I agree! What America needs right now isn't a politician, but a businessman who can run America effectively.\"
\"@Daniel_Stephan_:  We need you in the white house, Donald. Somebody's gotta get this country back on track! #Trump2016\"
\"@willfitz94:  #trump2016 or bust\"
\"@MARYlaand_:  why aren't you running for president? I'm not even a republican but I'd still vote for you\"
\"@salomey5: LOL RT : \"@DEmeryTaylor:  The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!\"\"
\"@JACK_CITY_  Looks like you're going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.#Trump2016
\"@themattgrissom:  That's why someone not in politics needs to run for president. I think you know a guy.\"
\"@eflaves:  motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot 😅\"
\"@jackievandyck:  I get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. I hope you're on the ballot\"
\"@Bennn_G:  you need to show them how it's done, run for office\"
\"@BNicehouse:  we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016\"
\"@CazeauHue:  @JoshuaDummer you'll be the best president for USA\"
\"@BNicehouse:  GET THIS LUNATIC OUT OF OFFICE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!\"
\"@kim_ann1:  @JoshuaDummer I'll vote Donald 👍👍👍👍\"
\"@DEmeryTaylor:  The country needs TRUMP IN 2016!\"
\"@YankeeRunnerLV:Please Please Please give STRONG AND SERIOUS consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. U have my vote #Trump16
\"@Erniefan4life:  right on man. Run for president ; fix it.\"
\"@MONEYmakingSHOE:  run for president.\"
\"@JoshuaDummer:  Please run for President.\"
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the \"satirical\" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
\"@japple8686: @My3Alexandra  cop was unarmed watch the news\"
\"@VinDaniels: @GlennNights  He is correct. France has harsh gun laws. Terrorists were carrying AK47.\"
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
“Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event” hBAIOXUTgf via @CarolinaLive by @timmcginniswpde
Via @thestate by @andyshain: “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention”\ncMriNEirEU
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“The Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Rivers”\n  h7pVSrSxhU via @azcentral
Via @TheYBF: “@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliam’S Kamp Kizzy”\nKC3CQ6QVpq
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: \"Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention\" Jtut7sRCNX
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
\"@AnAustrian:  @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
\"@BHANKS26:  kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on!\" He will.
\"@fackinpeter:  they hate you cuz they ain't you #trump2016\"
\"@0nlyPablo: Watching Season 8 of @ApprenticeNBC (w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! #WhereHaveIBeen\"
\"@misstetu: I love how easily  sees through the bull, every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@paulomyftaraj:  is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero\" Thank you.
\"@CoolLukeHH: A shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! \"  HE WILL!
\"@AgeGrilli35:  if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet\"
\"@kpdelbridge: YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? \" Thanks.
\"@AdultProdigy:  is cool. I like him. Vote for him please.\" Thanks.
\"@lexdeck: I swear I'll work for  one day, watch out.\"
\"@grammies28:  ru going to run ??????\"  Watch!
\"@bilalkostashuk: That first episode of #CelebApprentice was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
\"@Valdizzlebitch:  my mother was right, you are amazing\" Thanks.
\"@gennyhatesyou: If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump\"
\"@riley_nordquist: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old 💥🔥👌🎧\"
\"@TheXTOR: @dixiefriedsport @sportstalksc  that is genius.\"
\"@gfmete:  @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsmarts the boss!\"
\"@KyleSBaxter:  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.\"
\"@LAWeightLoss: @IvankaTrump I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father  #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC\"
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina…
Via @TMZ_Sports: “Donald Trump: Don't Mess Up @terrellowens' Name. 'I've Seen Him Go Crazy At People'”\n  0hitA7wzRe
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors ; pay rising premiums.
Via @DMRegister  by @newsmanone: “'Moon cycle' can't defeat @ShawnJohnson on @ApprenticeNBC” 7u8fEHEg4o
Via @EW by @DaltonRoss: “recap: 'Nobody Out Thinks Donald Trump'”\n  f7oPZEBUVs
Looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the Red Tiger @TrumpDoral. An 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens jBPL1wWf1i
Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers ; fans, last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos ; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
.@JuddApatow I agree!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
Learn more about @TrumpIntRealty's @Mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in NYC- BE5L0yHJ3S
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
\"@NICNAE: @Elginet @RealGilbert @ApprenticeNBC  you're awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! Probably many!!!!\"
\"@McCareyDanny:  How come @nbc is screwing #TheApprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?\"
\"@YankeeRunnerLV:Can U trick Obama into appearing on @ApprenticeNBC by telling him Golf is involved so you can do Country a favor; FIRE HIM!
\"@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox  omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi\"
\"@KPolumbo:  @strongvoice I give Shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!\"
\"@SirOwenDisney:  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr How about a #CelebApprentice season where Ivanka ; Don Jr. lead teams? I'd love to see that.\"
\"@bludosky2014: 721 Fifth Avenue One of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built, the original Trump Tower jJBfl66Zl5\"
\"@crazymamaa:  @alexpattillo that's a great book .. The art of the deal.\"
\"@milachka10:  great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time\"
\"@jimcureton:  first 3 episodes great! Looking forward to rest of season.\"
\"@_musicfreakalex: Enjoyed @ApprenticeNBC tonight! Awesome as always Mr. \"
\"@CarlosMirabal8:  great 2 shows tonight. Can't wait till next week.\"
\"@misstyraj: @Queen_James_22  @ApprenticeNBC maybe Kate needs to go, but Kenya doesn't. The boardroom is where Kenya shines.
\"@cyber1980:  @todaysrealmusic @ApprenticeNBC @nbc great show better than the wwe lol\"
\"@SRT_SuLLy:   geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! Strong competitor ; makes for a good show #someonepunchgeraldo\"
\"@TheRealTimC_: I'm loving @MsVivicaFox as Project Manager!  @ApprenticeNBC @nbc #CelebApprentice\"
\"@todaysrealmusic: A great night of watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc . Thank you mr \"
\"@tborio: @RealityTVBliss @IvankaTrump  she truly is ; well spoken ; gracious.\"
\"@jackievandyck: Donald it's time to boot Kate \"
\"@alexpattillo: Just completed The Art of the Deal. Written the year I was born and its principles still apply today. Very inspiring!\"
\"@NICNAE:  @strongvoice he should have fired Vivicia right away - she's trash\"
\"@CrisJensen:  @25whitney @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump it definitely is in this household :) Great job sir.\"
\"@stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @MsVivicaFox  omg! The funniest! This has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi\"
\"@AliceSLeuck: @ApprenticeNBC Join the lean scene with @luvoinc You, exercise and #Luvo a heathy trio... Agreed 100% w/two U fired tonight\"
\"@DanScavino:  @EricTrump  @GeraldoRivera is the male version of @OMAROSA from 7 years ago! #JustSaying #CelebrityApprentice
\"@Madisonbb11:  I'm so glad Shawn stood up for herself!!!\"
\"@saraaa_nicole95:  is so intimidating! I would never wanna be on his bad side!! He's still basically a king tho\"
\"@gmail_maa: \": \"@litleredhairgrl:  @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!\"\" #foreal\"
\"@_WillChristoph: Can  Just Fire Kate Gosselin Just Because? #CelebApprentice\"
\"@strongvoice:  Shawn was absolutely right. Bringing up the why was trashy. imho, VERY trashy. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@SONYGYRL:  @tlp_trac @terrellowens no, gilbert wasn't good. he cant be focused on the product, more interested in a laugh\"
\"@25whitney: I like the Bachelor but @ApprenticeNBC is getting all the love on Mondays! Best of 2015 #CelebApprentice  @IvankaTrump #NBC\"
\"@jules1327: The women rule tonight on #CelebApprentice - let's hope they don't kill each other before next week! @IvankaTrump
\"@litleredhairgrl:  @IvankaTrump #CelebrityApprentice way to go Shawn Johnson!\"
\"@gretchbetch_:  please fire @kenyamoore she's rude and classless #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@HGswiney:  you're awesome in that boardroom. Great back to back episodes tonight!\"
\"@missalliecat @BrandiGlanville I love the way you don't take any crap from @KateGoselin.I can't wait to hear you say \"Kate, you're fired\"!\"
\"@Christybelle14: DonaldTrump it's has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. Love how you call the bs @TheApprentice
\"@tlp_tracylee:  Was Gilbert good? @terrellowens Cough cough cough\"
\"@sexy_keesh: Well damn  got straight to the point didn't ya? #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JayeDaVaughn: Currently:_  stirs the pot lmao @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice\"
\"@angiekay500: @RealGilbert is my hero! Have never had so much fun watching #CelebApprentice \"
\"@twinkle_s  Apprentice is so good this season. I'd like to thank  for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing\"
\"@kjfinks2champ: I like Trump Tower #CelebApprentice \"
\"@shelbz555: Love @IvankaTrump's dress! #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice \"
\"@Garrett__Cox:  This Show Is GOLD!!!! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@megxmartine: I don't like @KenyaMoore why is she even on @ApprenticeNBC I wish  could answer this for me.\"
\"@tzn1980:  loveee @Kateplusmy8\"
\"@atroxell: @KenyaMoore @RealityTVBliss  making it happen✈️\"
\"@AmandaJoCountry  He just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other, which I find funny\"
\"@blakefish10: How does everyone not like watching  show #CelebApprentice\"
\"@Mymustang1964:  this season of the #CelebrityApprentice is off to a great start!\"
\"@theresanov68:  love the show\"
\"@AmandaJoCountry: Celebrity Apprentice is back! I love ! Who is going to be the @GaryBussey of the season? #CelebApprentice
\"@lizzysaupe: I'm way to addicted to watching Celebrity Apprentice \"
\"@Aquila7:  Geraldo Rivera the Hispanic omarosa\"
\"@icyminnesota: @kevinjonas is acting like a spoiled little brat.  #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@MoxieBeautiful: I can't decide if Geraldo's ego is a gimmick, a plant by Trump, or if it's for real. #CelebApprentice \"
\"@PascalMahvi:  well The Donald already knows who is going. Kevin, I feel for you !\"
\"@Conman13: Great episode of celebrity apprentice!  #goodstuff #yourfired\"
\"@CandiceBiscoe:  the boardroom is jaw dropping\"
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
\"@JenKingPorter:  @BrandiGlanville Brandi should win! I hope Kate and Geraldo get kicked off soon...\"
\"@haileemh13:  Geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn't project manager. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JoeyCarna: @ApprenticeNBC  GUYS SHOULD HAVE WON\" I don't disagree but executives picked!
\"@dpal1996:  @ApprenticeNBC boardroom is going to get ugly!!!😬😬😬\"
\"@strongvoice:  @redrocket951 @ApprenticeNBC What a baby. He's having a temper tantrum because he isn't getting his own way.
\"@Chris_R_2014:  @MusgravesPark @geraldorivera Geraldo is being a high maintenance diva!\"
\"@apseloff:  Did you know before the show how immature and confrontational Geraldo was?\"
\"@PamKing8628: @MTCPhotography @LeezaGibbons  #TeamLeeza thnx u for ur support 3RnNQOGAtZ\"
\"@RockyRoad_: Kate's Brain \"The Lights Are On And No Ones Home!\"😳 #CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice #TheApprentice 👔\"
\"@gsiegman: .  Holy shit! Amazing! #Trump2016\"
\"@ElcaminoJesus: @GeraldoRivera  Your behavior is awful. You need to dial down the arrogance!\"
\"@MusgravesPark:  Genius idea having Geraldo on this season. Perfection.
\"@Madie_with1D: Geraldo is a princess. Please get over yourself @ApprenticeNBC \"
\"@DebraJosephine: @MsVivicaFox is perfect for the commercial awesome! @CelebApprentice #CelebrityApprentice @IvankaTrump \"
\"@redrocket951:  @ApprenticeNBC Geraldo needs to shut tf up #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JustinJGraff: Who does Geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! He's driving me insane #CelebrityApprentice #pleasegetfired
\"@jbeanLLL:  you're the best! Can't imagine where you find the time!\" Thank you.
\"@Ant #CelebApprentice is starting now don't miss  and the hidden gem who's already underestimated the amazing @RealGilbert\"
\"@scottlara1961:  Watching the Celebrity Apprentice\"
\"@PamKing8628: @ApprenticeNBC  @LeezaGibbons @HollyTyrer_1 Mr.Trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to #TeamLeeza #CelebApprentice\"
\"@katiemariebes14: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @leezagibbons @msvivicafox @nbc  I only watch cause Brandi is amazing I love her.
\"@seriouslybright:  I am so excited to view this new season! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@McGurricane: #CelebApprentice is back on I love this show hats off to  for putting together a true masterpiece\" Thank you.
\"@t9862ander: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC  @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc stay on top of @Kateplusmy8. She's got to go
\"@KimRichardsFans:  #CelebApprentice intro always gives me life!\"
\"@AndrewJThom:  why does The Apprentice intro still show your 727? You should show that gorgeous 757!!!!\" You are right.
\"@nancysperico: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC  @MsVivicaFox @LeezaGibbons @nbc Love the glasses. A sophisticated look!\"
\"@WondHerful: @the_ValleyGirl YES!!!!!!!! @ApprenticeNBC #CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr  #MostIntelligentRealityShow\"
\"@MickeyMiller33: Watching #CelebApprentice  it's on I am rooting for #TeamBrandi and my 15 year old is rooting #TeamKevin\"
\"@lghaas30:  Glad to see George again on #CelebApprentice 👍👏\"
\"@maldollaz: Best show on Television Celebrity Apprentice @ApprenticeNBC  #CelebApprentice\"
\"@YMcTier:  Watching tonight's New episode! @YMcTier feels this 1 will be Good like All the rest @nbc\"
\"@rmt834: Watching Celebrity Apprentice. Great stuff so far  .\"
\"@YungTrillLord: Homie is on Celebrity Apprenteince with \"
\"@Snotty_Girl: @Kateplusmy8  Kate Gosselin is fearless. Waych out !\"
\"@Tamster613: Who is watching @ApprenticeNBC with me tonight? HmHM7EEdtg #CelebApprentice \"
\"@seriouslybright: @ApprenticeNBC  getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!\"
\"@Angela_Thomps:  this is going to be a great @ApprenticeNBC season! Great cast!\"
\"@SimplemanGreen: @ApprenticeNBC  @nbc what a cool cast this time\"
\"@erin_thereseV:  is Kate her own charity? Last I checked she doesn't have a job... or raise money.\"
\"@mbgrimm02: @BrandiGlanville  @ApprenticeNBC I really wish Kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!\"
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
Via @feminamissindia: “@MannyPacquiao among @MissUniverse 2015 judges” 69Br0Caoee
Looking forward to speaking at @Citizens_United ; @SteveKingIA’s “Iowa’s Freedom Summit” on January 24th 0Ld0z0FHju
\"@MindOfMcN: @Chrisgraham101 RT  TTonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of The Apprentice are on at 8 ; 9. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!\"
\"@ShinySheet:Olympic gold medalist wins Trump Invitational Grand Prix at 's Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach: EDVlJZy4Dc
\"@mccull0817:  @ShawnJohnson calls the show evil and that is FUN??\"
\"@Nightingalicing: @californguy @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv The ONLY reason I'm watching network tv tonight😉 is @BrandiGlanville\".
\"@KarileaKennedy7:  @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC LOVE Brandi is on your show!\"
\"@dcfoodsafety:  Mr. Trump it's going to be a very interesting and amusing season I am already hooked!\"
\"@californguy: #TeamBrandi, I'm glad u have a no BS person on there.Hope she stays! @ApprenticeNBC @Andy @Bravotv 7Eu4ewAUom\"
\"@BrandiGlanville: TONIGHT \"Celebrity Apprentice\" 8/7c Ep. 2 ; 3! 2 Hours of Back to Back Competition @ApprenticeNBC tT0BbfX0Pv\"
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 ; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
You can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC MiVcT6zjEk
Via @latimes’ @LATshowtracker:“Monday's TV Highlights:@ApprenticeNBCon @nbc”\n8C3qcKbYbQ
Via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: “@IvankaTrump: @Joan_RiversWas 'Very Warm' During Appearance on @ApprenticeNBC” OGymqaoTcB
.@peachespulliam at @TrumpTowerNY this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25K to her charity. GWYl31WsfP
Wow, great ratings for @ApprenticeNBC- yHHeUbmACn Don't forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8PM on @NBC.
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
\"@nelly_quarez: . #CelebApprentice was awesome yesterday🔥. Can't wait to see a new episode tonight! @kevinjonas we are here
\"@tokindaddy:  your the man, Don. All the best,...\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
\"@missskin604: It's time!! #CelebApprentice  #westcoast\"
\"@christinaaa28: #CelebApprentice is baaaaaack!  @IvankaTrump\"
\"@BillyMayfield:  great show tonight! Can't wait till tomorrow night!!\"
\"@BJohnson683: @IvankaTrump  the first show of #CelebApprentice was amazing. Can't wait to see next week's episode.\"
\"@Rongtr:  Great show! My money is on Sig Hanson or Geraldo Rivera!\"
\"@Linsinn:  Yes! #CelebrityApprentice on now, been waiting for months! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JordonBruno: I really love \"
\"@erik. My newsfeed is nothing but DonaldTrump n @RealGilbert #CelebrityApprentice! But that's alright with me cuz I love them. Great minds.
\"@Aschultz2014:  Best @ApprenticeNBC cast ever!! Love @IanZiering and so glad @Kateplusmy8 wasn't fired! #notlazy\"
\"@sixtoluis57: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC @IvankaTrump No comment, you can see every pore in todays TV screens. U look mavelous\"
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
\"@KennyKing4: @JustinTGee #CelebApprentice is one of my fav shows!!! Wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight  @IvankaTrump\"
\"@tmh813:  prove that you actually control this account, and I will tell everyone I know about the show #takeaselfie
\"@RRodriguez62:  First time I watched the start of the season. Enjoyed the show, will tune in tomorrow night.\"
\"@Shannonfamini:  can't wait for tomorrow's episodes! #CelebApprentice #TRUMP\"
\"@wooten_smith:  @RickyV_ADW @kevinjonas I agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. Wasnt a fan b4 but am now.\"
\"@ShortCakesSheep: I am rooting for @RealGilbert @kevinjonas but if I was on the #Apprentice I would call my friend @limbaugh to help\"
\"@AnnieDrews:  So glad #CelebApprentice is back! Looks like it will be a fantastic year! Thanks for a great show. Got out of hosp in time!\"
\"@DanaDelikat:  @ApprenticeNBC. Surprised how accurate and likable the Jonas brother is pointing out Heraldo's #bighead #big #ego poster\"
\"@SparkleAWin: DonaldTrump Alot of good looking guys but what's important is R they #CelebApprentice material Can't wait 2 C them in action\"
\"@summer0001: Why is  so amazing? Love watching #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BraunMatt: Really enjoyed #CelebApprentice tonight. Looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! \"
\"@Kbrozz26:  I don't watch a lot of T.V but couldn't wait for Celebrity Apprentice. It was great!!\"
\"@ACLrecoveryCLUB:  I know you went back and forth w/ Cuban - I'm convinced @ApprenticeNBC is the best show on tv!\"
\"@CeeCee928:  @MsVivicaFox PLS NOT @BrandiGlanville OR @KenyaMoore JUST BCUZ U R DRAMA DOESNT MEAN U SHOULD hEARN THE TITLE OR PRAISE\"
\"@bigdogg1974:  @Kateplusmy8 Kate looked great and did an amazing job, even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth
\"@CandidlyNic: @BrandiGlanville You were awesome! Love your loyalty to team members like Keisha. &lt;3 You!! @KathySimovski \"
\"@missklamert:I HATE  ! But I have to watch this season of #TheApprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #TeamKenya !\"
\"@axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @ApprenticeNBC  #CelebApprentice\"
\"@JulieMyra: @BrandiGlanville  you go. Love your spirit. F the haters\"
\"@ameliasg: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  @IvankaTrump does anyone else think some faces look like Picasso sculptures?\"
\"@RickyV_ADW: Gotta say I have @kevinjonas winning it all  social media, strategy, and seems to know how to spin things.
\"@rachelredl: Ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on The Apprentice \"
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
\"@iiarwatch:  You fired the right woman tonight. Kenya ; Brandi each must go. The lowest of the low.\"
\"@sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @ACTUALLYDOMINIC  @peachespulliam I agree. Kate needed the boot. Her time will come\"
\"@TravyJ1: I wonder how it would be growing up with  as a father\"
\"@CrueBabe:  I loved it. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@ASEDawg89:  so many women to fire. Gonna be a cat fight\"
\"@loribuckmajor:  @BrandiGlanville is as real as they come. Love her #CelebApprentice\"
\"@RockyRoad_: Nothing like hearing  say \"YOU'RE FIRED\" twice in one night! Tomorrow Night 8/7 CST!👊😜 #CelebApprentice
\"@virgiegurl: @ApprenticeNBC  AWESOME TEAMS TONIGHT. ..!!! PRICELESS\"
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
\"@bethdelany:  Jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25K #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@irwin171: #CelebApprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. Love the new season!! \"
\"@NicoleAMarin: You're Fired! It's music to my ears when it comes from  mouth! Why a commercial?!? #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@AlexPerrry: First time watching Celebrity Apprentice and I'm really enjoying it! \"
\"@luvsleopard2: @billybush  the music always gives it such a dramatic effect😱\"
\"@UglyWewe: Love  asking @BrandiGlanville for the truth! He knows he'll get it!\"
\"@NicoleAMarin: Mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #CelebrityApprentice  @IvankaTrump
\"@keithwmcandrew: Who will  fire?!? Will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @ApprenticeNBC #CelebrityApprentice
\"@MarshaABrady:  @TheApprentice9 I hope it's Kate, I don't want to look at her again, on this show or any other.... Sorry\"
\"@Christine_8888:  Brandi for the win!!\"
\"@The_Paul08: There's nothing more relaxing than a Trump Tower suite!! @TrumpChicago @TrumpCollection #CelebApprentice 
\"@SarahSS555:  is my idol... #CelebApprentice\" Thanks.
\"@miasmiiles:  #trumpforpresident2016\"
\"@ArizonaNFLFan: . I love celebrity apprentice. The storylines are much better than NFL playoff football.\"
\"@AnthonyJamesTV: @GeraldoRivera and @kevinjonas killed it! @ApprenticeNBC  @nbc #CelebApprentice\"
\"@MNBosstom: @DonaldJTrumpJr  I really needed to watch the Apprentice tonight!! Great show!! Motivates me!! #CelebApprentice
\"@eyetweethere:  best part of the show\"
\"@DerrickBolenVA:  has built up a great show #CelebApprentice\"
\"@GodIgetitnow:  it will not be pretty (Keisha YOUR FIRED) #CelebApprentice\"
\"@rchunter:  tells the guys, go back to @TrumpTowerNY and watch if you want to, it won't be pretty. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@Jwundy: The iconic \"You're fired\" is coming  can't wait.\"
\"@FTESTERNBTLSFAN:  wonder who gets \"FIRED\" hmmm\"
\"@srqsweetheart: It's about to go down! Buckle up!  #CelebApprentice\"
\"@michaelsdevine: Can't wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC \"
\"@Lanae_Jonas22:  it is interesting so far\"
\"@queenOFspice: I follow  in hopes he'll drop some knowledge that'll make me as rich as him\"
\"@TimothyMcManus4:  Very intense!! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@CrueBabe:  I love the boardroom. Awkward atmosphere right now. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@TEisen229:  great cast! Girls are going to win!\"
\"@Jwundy: Kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @IvankaTrump \"
\"@Mag_0909:  intense but I would expect nothing less\"
\"@Terramarkov16: @Terramarkov16 : I think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. Respect. #Apprentice\"
\"@Mari907:  ; @IvankaTrump back on my TV! I'm a happy gal ❤️😍\"
\"@scdaily4:  loving it....glad you're back. But we're wondering who is this season's @GaryBussey\"
\"@jonas_brotha:  @KenyaMoore just goes for the throat\"
\"@salans77:  great boardroom so far. Love the tension\"
\"@MikeDemkiw:  Kevin Jonas is a very strong player, surprised.\"
How do you like the boardroom so far?
\"@cav1301:  Kenya Moore is an ass!! Hope she is fired FIRST!!!\"
\"@thecccowanshow:  @NaomiEpstein @ApprenticeNBC KENYA MOORE ROCKS! WATCH HER WORK HER STUFF!!!\"
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
\"@ShortCakesSheep:  @roswell2001 @kevinjonas @RealGilbert agree!!!\"
\"@Prochekhomeinsp: Would be the greatest start to the new Year that I could ever imagine!!! Happy New Year Mr. Trump and Team!!!\"
\"@roswell2001: So glad #CelebrityApprentice is back!  @kevinjonas @RealGilbert are my favs. Go team vortex!\"
\"@ohbehave71:  Kenya Moore - hmmmm - Won't be there long. Needs to go. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@amiguiza:  I believe in Kevin Jonas!!! he's the best #TeamKevin #AskKevin\"
\"@KimberlySyring:  @BrandiGlanville I love Brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!\"
\"@otowned:  Any Real Housewife\"
\"@thatsoundstasty: The baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #DidYouSeeThat #CelebApprentice
\"@SennieC:  all the athletes are doing great!\"
\"@remember91808: @RealGilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @ApprenticeNBC: Can we keep them around until the end
\"@Jwundy: I admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #TeamKevin @IvankaTrump \"
\"@ACTUALLYDOMINIC: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that's it, , you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way
\"@biggangVH1:  love the show! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@OrionTrunk:  @terrellowens is going to go far because he's a media circus. @IanZiering will come close to winning, but Shawn can also.\"
\"@NaomiEpstein:  @ApprenticeNBC Kenya Moore will be omarosa redux. That attitude is boring. She needs to go.
\"@briankgarver:  like Shawn Johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! 👍👍👍\"
\"@KristyHernandez:  yay watching my very favorite show, Celebrity Apprentice and LOVING it!!😍💃\"
\"@TGambinoVent: #CelebrityApprentice @KenyaMoore go home please!  plez help! Love the show but, she's trying to be @OMAROSA
\"@CarrieOn2014:  @BrandiGlanville Brandi is the BEST!!!!! She deserves it all! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@brendalynwraps:  Leeza!!!\"
\"@mariadomenique9: The mens team has better flavors of pies. Interested to see who wins! #CelebApprentice \"
\"@JoseMar87531474: Watching @ApprenticeNBC @nbc  is the man...\"
\"@TheReader23:  @BrandiGlanville Brandi for the win\"
\"@GlendaKParks:  @BrandiGlanville NOT @KenyaMoore! She does nothing but run her mouth!\"
\"@JoSportsGal:  @BrandiGlanville Too early first episode.  season needs to play out. Then I'll let u know. #WorkHard, #Win\"
\"@mumlvs2run: @Kateplusmy8 You look fab! They were so lucky to have you in the kitchen 😉  @ApprenticeNBC Go Kate Go!\"
\"@SarahLynEllis: I'm loving this Celebrity Apprentice season! @ShawnJohnson @IvankaTrump The Donald is the best! #YoureFired
Who do you like - hate so far?
\"@JustSoldCom:  SO HAPPY #CelebrityApprentice is back on! Thanks Donald for keeping it real!\"
\"@Stevie_SKenergy:  @NBCApprentice This show motivates me. Part of my inspiration to #saveSKsocial\"
\"@Dbarbs1:  please fire Kenya first.\" Really?
\"@MichaelMPierce: Watching @ApprenticeNBC for the first time ever. Love it so far! \"
\"@KristaCantwell:  I'm so happy that @ApprenticeNBC is back! #CelebApprentice\"
\"@TNelly813: Yay!  I'm so excited for celebrity apprentice :)\"
\"@JakeKrippner: “: So, who should win, who is your favorite?” @ShawnJohnson\"
\"@teerexbc: I'm rooting for @MsVivicaFox @ShawnJohnson and @peachespulliam #CelebrityApprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc DonaldTrump
\"@Gaga_In_Fla: @AndreaTantaros @FoxNews @GeraldoRivera  Well, not that it matters, I think Geraldo is a sanctimonious ass.\"
\"@straitblazin:  has an all star cast of celebrities this season of @ApprenticeNBC! This should be interesting.\" True.
\"@sprinkler22:  i love donald trump!!!!\" Thanks
\"@ApprenticeNBC: \"Nobody wants to be the first one fired.\" Isn't that the truth, . #CelebApprentice\" VERY SAD TO BE FIRST.
\"@michaelsdevine: I kinda hope @RealGilbert sticks around for a while just for moments like that #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC
\"@JohnG500: Love  and @ApprenticeNBC! This is gonna be another awesome season. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@KiernanProud:  so excited! Best show on television. #CelebApprentice\"
\"@BucherBrandon:  Watching  's show #CelebApprentice to see @BrandiGlanville\"
\"@stacekop:  Geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes.\"
\"@fabulyss22: My Sunday's will now be spent with  again! So excited #CelebrityApprentice is back!\"
\"@princessrisssss: I am SOO super excited to watch @ShawnJohnson and DonaldTrump on tonight!! Two of my favorite people ever. SHE IS GREAT.
\"@llluminatedOnes: Here we go! @ApprenticeNBC starts NOW on @NBC! Let's do this!  @IvankaTrump  #CelebApprentice\"
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
\"@SkaCreek: In Ten minutes on  's Apprentice @IanZiering begins his season long domination! @Jason_Priestley you watchin?\"
\"@Flowerchic462: Ok Tweeps. Who is going home first tonight?! #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump\"
\"@fabiolasellsnj: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @ApprenticeNBC looking forward to this\"
\"@MLRatchford: @ApprenticeNBC  rooting for @RealGilbert. #TeamGilbert\"
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
#CelebApprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC- eNuRYMhQwE
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
\"@PamelaDunfee: @BillRancic  @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch The New APPRENTICE NBC @ 9:00 pm tonight.\"
\"@KellyJeanturner:  @Kateplusmy8 #ticktock 12 hours ; counting down to watch #ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@NicoleAMarin: I can't wait to watch this season of #CelebrityApprentice  @DonaldJTrumpJr I can't wait to watch @BrandiGlanville dominate!\"
\"@cinna33: @MrSilverScott @CelebApprentice  @JSKibler Yeah! Bring on/down the gauntlet\"
\"@Heidilucky:  Hello Mr. Trump. I LOVE @TheApprentice9 and can NOT wait till it airs. @ABCSharkTank and @TheProfitCNBC ; 2 other faves!\"
\"@ChrisJPMac: Really looking forward to the Premier of The Apprentice tonight at 9PM EST on NBC.Such a well executed and captivating show.
\"@mariadomenique9: @ApprenticeNBC @TODAYshow  @RealGilbert @GeraldoRivera cant wait to watch tonight!!!\"
\"@JillyBaDilly:  I've been waiting for this day for way too long! #CelebApprentice starts tonight! Can't wait! 🎉\" Enjoy!
\"@JanzenErika: @BillRancic  @ApprenticeNBC Thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for The Apprentice tonight! Thank you Bill.\"
\"@DavidBodner: So excited for #thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what  @IvankaTrump have in store for us this season!\"
\"@emilyplacido:  @BernieSandner @ApprenticeNBC Me too!!!! #TeamLeeza all the way!!! @LeezasCareCafe is a wonderful charity!!
\"@DavidThomasNo1: Tune in for some late night viewing of  on celebrity apprentice USA @BBCOne tonight\"
\"@tbc_branding: To my biz-minded tweeps from #SharkTankNation #Restaurantstartup #theprofit...I'll see you 2nite for #CelebrityApprentice
\"@JSKibler: @MrDrewScott @MrSilverScott we need to get you all on the @celebapprentice with the . #unstoppable #makeithappen
\"@shihtzupad:  @ApprenticeNBC I LOVE THIS SHOW👍❤️‼️\"
\"@RosaleeAdams:  @ApprenticeNBC I thought it would never start again...\"
\"@hobbyath:  @ApprenticeNBC Brandi G. #getoffmyTV goes first hopefully\"
\"@MattLytle:  So a new Celebrity Apprentice Sunday and Monday night?\"  YES.
\"@wristbridge: Just set my DVR for The Apprentice. Let's go \"
\"@___LisaMichelle: So excited. You got this Brandi! @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC \"
\"@MY_2BCOLLIES: @MiloandJack  Actually Milo, Mr Trump felt Kate has a good shot at winning. DonaldTrump was very complimentary about Kate.\"
\"@PamKing8628: @mikerandcom  @LeezaGibbons @IanZiering #TeamLeeza to the finish line!!\"
\"@PamKing8628:  @mikerandcom - #TeamLeeza will be following ur #CelebApprentice comments! @LeezaGibbons\"
\"@ShellsterNYC:  @ApprenticeNBC How many times does TO cry?\"
\"@patjeanes:  Im sure the show will be great, but you need to get on the campaign trail\" Watch!
\"@RustyHook2:  @ApprenticeNBC I just watched the \"tease\" on you tube. Terrell,Johnny and Kate won't be there for long. We will see...\"
\"@dpal1996:  @ApprenticeNBC cannot wait!!!\"
\"@SisterTrue:  can't wait love this show, helps me realize so many things!\"
\"@Cherylynn6464:  @ApprenticeNBC Looking forward to your show and especially seeing Joan Rivers.\" She did a great job!
\"@LeaDiLiberto: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC  You in danger, girl!\"
\"@MIclimber:  look at alum @THEGaryBusey making you proud with @AmazonFireTV #CelebApprentice\" Great.
\"@barbarabee2u:  @ApprenticeNBC Can;t wait!\"
\"@MyCrashIs:  @ApprenticeNBC please let it be @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore first. But u probably like that negativity\"
\"@DenisePlante: “  By popular demand I will be tweeting tomorrow's premiere of .@ApprenticeNBC on .@nbc 9/8c http:// MiVcT6zjEk”
\"@organics2014: @ApprenticeNBC  will @Kateplusmy8 be too?  Yes.
\"@Molly_Stew:  adding Housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv 😊 #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@rona65: @ApprenticeNBC  @nbc good luck on your umpteenth season from the show Producer of show 1\"
\"@kekepania822:  @ApprenticeNBC I'm excited for this season, can't wait to watch 👍\"
\"@yurdreamwoman: @ApprenticeNBC  would be great to have Obama on his show so the Don can fire his arsss\"
\"@Foreign_Blood:  Needs to run for president\"
\"@Jerry_Zhang_: Looking forward to season 14 of @ApprenticeNBC! \"
\"@fenway315:  @ApprenticeNBC @RealGilbert Is the fucking man !\"
\"@joeferrarijoe:  @ApprenticeNBC it's about time!!!!\"
\"@llluminatedOnes: Watch #CelebApprentice tomorrow at 9pm ET on @NBC because  said so! @ApprenticeNBC pm0b8cMJfn
\"@BernieSandner:  @ApprenticeNBC I'm ready for the show tomorrow night.\"
#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? @Apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC. Z6XE3Ngz6D
\"@The_Paul08: It's almost here, finally!!!! The new Celebrity #Apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc!  #excited\"
\"@wouldnotmind: @ApprenticeNBC @ivankatrump  : I know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? My GIRL @KenyaMoore
\"@LeezaGibbons: “@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump  already set the DVR for Sunday and Monday. #TVgeek”
\"@LeezaGibbons: “@emilyplacido: @LeezaGibbons @IvankaTrump  I'm so rooting for you on Celebrity Apprentice @LeezaGibbons!! Go girl!TYSM\"
\"@TheShowOff85: Too excited to seeing my two favourite people on TV together on one show, that's  and @KenyaMoore.
Via @ShinySheet by @soapbox1: “Show-jumping grand prix returns to Mar-a-Lago Sunday\" OZe2udeXYQ
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “Florida’s Trump Invitational to kick off showjumping year” KXzZhzQM7s Mar-a-Lago's 3rd ann. Trump Grand Prix!
By popular demand I will be tweeting during tomorrow's record 14th season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on @nbc at 9/8c MiVcT6zjEk
My @nbcdfw int. by @EricKingNBC5 w/@IvankaTrump discussing the Sunday @nbc premiere of @ApprenticeNBC’s 14th season eBsfcw5izR
\"@TrudyUnis:  @puppyslug our country need something. Never seen so much division as the last  years.\"
\"@puppyslug:  Will you run? Will you run for President? Mr Trump, your Nation needs you! #saveoursouls\" Stay tuned, thanks!
\"@rexhispaniae:  will be watching with my entire family. We are so happy you're back on TV, Mr Trump! Huge fans here!\"
\"@LikABrdThatFlew: My only New Year's resolution: Be more like \" Nice, thanks!
\"@LmechX:  The Art of the Deal is a great read filled with excellent, real advice. Definitely worth a read.\"
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
\"@aanders07:  I am actually excited for the weekend to be over so I can watch The Celebrity Apprentice! Can't wait!\" Enjoy!
\"@JayRav3:  What is the best book for real estate? I want to get into the business.\" TRUMP, THE ART OF THE DEAL!
\"@HarveyRabitto:  Louis Z never ever quit. Neither does Donald T.\"
\"@ChrisRosica:  genius Tweet.\"
\"@VeryOddDog:  You are a good Christian! You are right! Also, you should be Presedent! The sooner the better! #TRUMP\"
\"@ArrestJOEPA:  trump kicked Rosie's ass, he kicked penn states ass, he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016\"
I just saw the movie \"Unbroken\" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
\"@seankesser: : Trump University was exceptionally highly rated. Get the facts straight!\"
\"@Bettylovesdogs:  I work Sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? Watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then Mon. at 8
.@ApprenticeNBC season premiere this Sunday at 9/8c on @NBC- GD0xOaphnN
\"@RunningDeep67: @UniqueCaptures Too strong? Point out a time in America's history where it was good to have a PUSSY in the White House!\"
\"@ArrestJOEPA:  and @terrellowens sounds like a dream team\"
\"@nick_nlawrie:  if you're as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you're loaded.
\"@midniteracers:  Gets my vote for President. He's my hero! When I grow up I want to be like him.\"
\"@bbolaji9: Happy new year my president \" Thank you.
\"@FREDOSANTANASS:  is a great leader and definitely someone I look up to. Great role model\" Thanks.
\"@diannelea1958: @MFonnest  @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide Hell yes! It's gonna be fun.\"
\"@MorrisFrance: Excited for the Miss Universe! Hi  👋👋\"
\"@The_Edward_K:  Your a Genius sir #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@brian_muldoon:  Headed to Trump Central Park for my wife's birthday!! Can't wait!!\"  Have fun!
\"@RustyHook2:  @trillacamila You would be a damn sight better than Jeb ! or \"Billary\" !\"
\"@StevenCena35:  look awesome in Home Alone 2 lost New York you look great in the movie today in @ABCFamily\"
\"@diannelea1958:  @ApprenticeNBC @ChannelGuide I love the cast this season.\"
\"@trillacamila: we need  for president\"
\"@TellyPlanet:  can't wait for series4 to air on BBC One Sunday night :)\"
\"@_Snurk:  is SO AWESOME!! Man of nat'l unmatched merit, every1 needs TRUMP! A+ leader can rule- ELECT EXCELENT PREZ!!\"
\"@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy  @AllAboutTheTea_ This season is going to be great! Can't wait!\"
\"@JoshHadleySays:  @dungyots Yes, a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s, who knew.\"
\"@PianoBecca:  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESEDENT OVER ALL OF AMERCIA!!!!!!!!\"
\"@FrisbieKaren:  #CelebrityApprentice my secret addiction! Now only if you would do a \"regular\" people edition.
\"@misstcassidy: @KdanielsK  @AllAboutTheTea_ I just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!\"
\"@Photocritic: Oh please please please let  run for president. That would make my year.\"
\"@UniqueCaptures: DonaldTrump: Even though I feel his personality is to strong for President, I agree it would be an entertaining campaign\"
\"@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_  My money is on Kenya getting fired first.\"
\"@Madrina26:  So excited for Sunday and Celebrity Apprentice!!!\" You will love it, WILD!
\"@dungyots: . with a solid cameo in #HomeAlone2 UV1XwDd7wF\" Thanks, it was great fun-who knew it would be so big
\"@diannelea1958: @ApprenticeNBC  @ChannelGuide So excited for this season.\" It may be one of the best and most vicious ever.
\"@sean:  Icahn,Kravis,Buffet ; many other top business men've taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy law,yet people only point out Trump.
\"@KdanielsK: @misstcassidy @AllAboutTheTea_ I definitely think Kenya is smarter than Brandi, but Kenya doesn't play well w/ others.\"
\"@AlphaQuintesson:  please run for president you got my vote 💦🍑\"
\"@seankesser: @LoreleiJP  @VeryOddDog Trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy\" So true, thank you!
\"@MarkFleming22: “If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - \"”\"
\"@iintend: DonaldTrump At one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. You never flinched. You have to respect that.\"  Thank you
\"@samanthajrose:  #Trumpfan #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@Felix_Whiskas: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - \"
\"@ericleebow:  Hope you finally run for President. That should be your new year's resolution.\" Good thought!
\"@SaraPattersonn:  hey be president\"
\"@archangeljf12:  Palm Beach is one of the greatest places in the World to Live!  #TrumpPOTUS2016 #HappyNewYear
\"@jmcafee23:  please run for president this country needs you!\"
\"@tlowery19:  for president please! 😩\"
\"@Danwolff22:  I believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! MR. Trump for president!\" Thanks Dan!
\"@SparkleAWin:  So excited for a New Year ; new Celeb Apprentice! Can't wait to see The Trumps back in The Boardroom!\"
\"@JoshHammer77:  happy new year sir can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@yankeejayman:  @flicka__ Do u ever sleep?\"  Not much!
\"@TalentlessCook:  You're only a year away from #2016 ...pick a running mate. Happy New Year\"
\"@archangeljf12:  ;, for President of the United States! @SenTedCruz Vice President ;A #WinningTicket2016 #TrumpCruz2016\"
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
\"@flicka__:  for president\"
\"@LLAnkers: DonaldTrump,  it's a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. You could be a great leader for our nation. Keep it up Trump!
\"@ryanbushby:  i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around\"  I do, big league!
\"@PaulParmar1:  so excited for @ApprenticeNBC thank you for creating such an amazing show #CelebApprentice\" Enjoy it, thanks
\"@MarcAardvark:  @ronmeier123 One of the best things I bought in 2014:  ties @Macys @amazon\"
\"@JaayZen: @grandmiapens He has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! Run! Don't let us hit the iceberg!\"
\"@AngelaTN777: @gochico : He STANDS UP for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. #Hasmyrespect;Vote\"
\"@teamconquerca: First time in the\"Trump International Hotel and Tower\" and it's absolutely gorgeous!! Thank-You sir! Excellent hospitality
\"@JaayZen:  Thanks Donald. Now run for president! Fulfill your purpose! \"To much is given, much is required\"
\"@ronmeier123: @Macys Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!\"
\"@gillule4:  incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Club😄happy New Year\"
\"@JobSnarechs: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - \" So true!
\"@joelmch2os:  announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER! #trump4pres NWl8Q94W2J\"
\"@djspookyshadow: Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
\"@cpetelis:  If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 12/22\"
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
\"@BrettNeveraski: I see you  xxCpausWuP\"
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
\"@peter_upfield:  @frank_puggi Run Donald, Run!\"
\"@SellingVA: \": Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.\"\"
\"@frank_puggi:   If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.\"
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!  hotvBiBizM
This Sunday at 9/8C, the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! Game on in the Boardroom... MiVcT6zjEk
\"@realDBP:  @rinibobusepi Mr. Trump, will you consider running for President? The country needs you.\"
\"@ronmeier123 @bryabntshirley1 Even the Elf On The Shelf is STARTING to get Restless! On JANUARY 4th the APPRENTICE is going to be Great!\"
\"@HOVG: @robcesternino Johnny Damon talks @ApprenticeNBC and working for . sg8CCSJMFB #celebapprentice\"
\"@rinibobusepi: RT  “You're never a loser until you quit trying,” - Mike Ditka\"
\"@gigicats6: Am sooo glad that Joan R will still be on CA, as I'm sure all of her fans are. Thank you for honoring her this way.\"
\"@HebExcursions:  Tours of Lewis and Harris with Hebridean Excursions\"  Great places!
\"@PianoBecca:  You are the kindest heart in all of USA. You give SO much to us ; you forgive the haters ; loosers!\"
.@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
\"@VeryOddDog: What's BRUTAL is a nation WITHOUT the vision, interpid leadership ; PLAIN COMMON SENSE of  for PRESIDENT!\"
\"@bryabntshirley1:  yeah Donald can't wait to see apprentice been too long\"
\"@VRafaaa:  What grade 1-10 you give to the reign of Gabriela Isler ??? Greetings from Brazil!  She gets a solid 10!
\"@NotNotTildaSwin:  Mr Trump, we need your kind of art. The world needs more of your Poetry of Profit. A TRUE artist!\"
\"@krb117: “@IvankaTrump: @CoachDanMullen Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:  #OrangeBowl” well well.. #HailState\"
If you can’t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Via @Inc by @steelwire: “Donald Trump – To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?” LTGlyfpMLz
“Donald Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of @ApprenticeNBC”\n  Cv2uncAuhw via @YahooTV
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump’s grand plans for @TrumpTurnberry resort get the green light” fy8hH8k6KP
Via @NewsInTheBurg: “@chefjoseandres to open restaurant in Trump Int’l Washington, D.C.” 3UYaJoJAML
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
\"@RamonAtila: I enjoyed your book 'Think like a Billionaire' for the second time. You give very practical advice and it really helps\"
\"@Paulynesian: You got to love  ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from Down Under!\"
\"@F_Anne_Spears:  @foxandfriends Always enjoy your common sense. Wish the ones in office would use theirs.\"
\"@TpGraf82:  great job on @foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton\"
\"@fackinpeter:  inspiring words on @foxandfriends this morning great job as always\"
\"@fackinpeter: Just watched you on @foxandfriends while putting on a  tie getting ready for work #DoubleTrump
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
\"@MarkFleming22:  Is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on The Apprentice?\" Pete Rose ; let him in Hall!
\"@TheOnlyCdorsey: Wearing the  signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood\"
\"@paxton_pete: Please RT? Very sick 8 year old British girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment. yxf0OzCiMS\"
\"@995mu: No once respect is lost, it's gone forever, always suspicion in any relationship  @foxandfriends\"
\"@PMuisiner:  @foxandfriends Looking forward to his thoughts\"
\"@ElephantPeacock:  @foxandfriends Nice lil' cliff hanger you've created... much suspense. Very edge of seat. Wow.\"
\"@DrChimRickles:  @foxandfriends please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #Trump2016
\"@twinroj:  im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #Trump2016\"
\"@MarriamF: My bday just been so perfect so far 💗 only way it will be better if my inspiration  wishes me happy bday 👌\"
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
\"@hwpal:  Voting for DonaldTrump16 is voting for the essence of being American ;the value of great capitalism #trump16\"
\"@sheryl_laine: DonaldTrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! There is hope and where there is hope there is promise
\"@coolwillie13:  You'll definitely carry the South. Go for it! #Trump2016\"
\"@Firehart555:  @foxandfriends I'll be watching Mr Trump.\"
\"@Thescroggins12:  @Mer_1135 @blakemharris Trump for President !! Your Country Needs You !\"
\"@Mer_1135: @blakemharris  Ronald Reagan was an actor, ; look at what a great job he did.\"
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15\" Hope you enjoy and agree!
\"@AnnieDrews: @followdotch @ApprenticeNBC  Love that show. Hope I'm out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere.\"Get well!
\"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if  runs for president #WeNeedYou\"
\"@shantig_tantig: The only way the USA is going to be saved from destruction is if  runs for president #WeNeedYou\" Thanks.
\"@fackinpeter:  Trump 2016\"
\"@truckncargirl:  @fionacarterr Trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless Need to #vote #Trump2016\"
\"@crazymamaa: Oh wow. Celebrity Apprentise starts next Sunday at 8.. @BrandiGlanville  #excited I watch every year!!\"
\"@fionacarterr:  for president 2016\"
\"@Michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks I would like to see  in the debates. His America first ideas need to be heard,\"
\"@Jon_Albanese: .@RealGilbert on 's @ApprenticeNBC. I really hope Gilbert goes on a yelling, laughing tirade - cry-laugh.\"
\"@DanScavino: Looking forward 2it - ONE week from 2nite @ApprenticeNBC @NBC! Look 4ward 2 #JoanRivers tribute to! kkSGJi1qtg\"
\"@stinger_inc: Good thing I tuned into this Steelers/Bengals NFL game on NBC as I found out that Donald's @ApprenticeNBC starts next Sunday!
\"@HeidiAlbertsen: #holidays #friends #palmbeach #maralago  @mrsvanessatrump @laraleatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr jAgKvgDaCV\"
\"@grantwgates: @ESPNCaddie @TrumpDoral I made birdie on #8 last month. Enjoy that back nine. Great stretch at the end! #TrumpDoral\"
\"@LizMPizz: Off to stay at the trump chicago.. End of the holidays dinner with the fam.  @ChicagoCut\"
\"@benfromdallas:  2016 President. The world needs a real business man. Not a political putter from the Bush ward\"
\"@mytowntutors: “If you’re going to be thinking, you may as well think big.” Donald Trump  NVLh3DwEON\"
\"@TrumpLasVegas: It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate. 
\"@dk_barnes1: #NowReading  's Trump: The Art of the Deal 📖\"
\"@LillyWinfree:  You are so wise!! I cant wait until youre president!! ❤️🎉😍#TrumpWinfree2016\"
\"@VladimirRussia7:  and @mcuban and @WarrenBuffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes.\"
\"@viksquad: Trump Tower, gorgeous! Just like The Donald  lbPXQJfs6L\" Thank you!
\"@LizBaregu:  You would make a great GOP President Mr Trump!💯💯💯💯\"
\"@ItIsJohnDoe: Merry Christmas Mr But this country can't have a TRULY merry Christmas until you are in the Whitehouse (as our President)\"
\"@RachaelMarieabl: I refuse to vote in 2016 unless  is running ; if he's not I'm getting a one way ticket outta here\"
\"@WinPropP:  Time for a great President You are needed urgently\"
\"@tristanmf:  Trump for president ! Trump for America ! #Trump2016\"
\"@frankdimauro:  is a great businessman. I learned so much from The Art of the Deal. Best of luck!\"
\"@SparkleAWin:  Any chance of working w/@VinceMcMahon again soon... Always, Vince is a great guy and a winner!
\"@SukhyJaveed: Merry Christmas, would one like to give the gift of mentoring? I'm building my empire ; you certainly know how to build them\"
\"@_Snurk:  is Xmas present I want 2016! Not just a Happy Holiday! The MOST IMPORTENT day in the world if #TRUMP is PREZ!\"
\"@benfromdallas: If i tweet anything in 2015, it should be  for President if the World wants to see another 20 years.
\"@garyleelogan1:  ...I HEARD YA MIGHT RUN IN 2016....WE THE PEOPLE NEED A PRESIDENT..NOT ONE LIKE OWEBUMMA !\"
\"@MasterBaxter8:  you can't lose in 2015 or 2016. Merry Christmas.\"
\"@Cyrus_T_Virus: The only thing I asked for as Xmas gifts this year are a  presidential campaign and a BOFA! #Trump2016\"
\"@itsRyanHilton:  Marry Christmas to the future President of the United States!  Well, America would be great again. Thanks.
\"@ChampagneGlam: @politico  Card was the best\"
\"@thatshortkidJoe: Merry Christmas  #Trump2016\"
\"@ashtonjfloyd:  Merry Christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. You are a very inspiring man
\"@teresayarbor:  love that you say #MerryChristmas, not just Happy Holidays!\"
\"@steventobiasz:  was in Home Alone 2 TUJY0R5G7X\"
\"@cisrabbit: Not to mention we already had two Bush presidents, neither of which were too successful. Insanity would be to want a third.\"
\"@thegre8_1: Please run for President would be a better choice than @mittromney Seeing @pennjillette tomorrow&gt;was great on #apprentice\"
\"@kbssidhu1961:  Just Do It!\"
\"@SassyPantsjj: Merry CHRISTMAS! Can't wait 4 Celebrity Apprenctice my favorite show on TV, need more than 1 a year! I will EP it for you!\"
\"@abanoubabdel:  Trump for president 2016\"
\"@vivianbrown21:  A BIG job to Recover from this Administration.... Around the World! ! Merry Christmas to you ; family! !\"
\"@replaybeatles:  hope you are part of that leadership! Merry Christmas to you and your family.\"
\"@moniquehorsey:  Merry Christmas! Hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day.\" Thank you.
\"@randallburton20:  Merry Christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders\"
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
\"@_stepharv32:  @mooovin_on have a great Christmas  you're a true inspiration.\" Thanks!
\"@Great_Cudi:  Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! :)\"  Cute, same!
\"@barrman:  you should run for president!\"
\"@SAVEHICNO1:  @mooovin_on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION\"
\"@CoalCitizens: All I want for Christmas is  to run for president!\"
\"@_Snurk:  has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!\"
\"@titletown899004:  @tamkyn @mooovin_on Well then, run and I'll vote for you. Merry Christmas!\"
\"@fsdiva06: Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
\"@NotNotTildaSwin:  Always admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
\"@theinfinitus1:  @DRJAMESCABOT @TrumpPanama Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!\"
\"@Luckyblue02:  Merry Christmas! I'm raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital 6Fk6pYS8gH
\"@alangnahz:  @mooovin_on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal\"
\"@Tnyankeefan35:  Get it done Donald! #MerryRollTideChristmas\"
\"@MrInsaf:  plz run for president.\"
\"@mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be . Time for #Trump2016\"
\"@MattTemplin:  I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.\"
\"@VladimirRussia7:  Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire!\" Thanks!
\"@jenniii0rozco:  @inboxleekersey i keep saying you should run for President!\"
\"@Jackshallis:  if u ran for president I would vote for you!\"
\"@jimmycapo65:  I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!\"
\"@nickzizzo77: I'm not calling  out or anything but how about you run for president?!\"  Watch!
\"@rickjones220:  full support\"
\"@inboxleekersey:  I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you.\" THANK YOU!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Alana Marie Burke: “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions” Yq2V2jtKR7
Latin America’s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury 1tBH7N7pZ8
\"@RealPro4Real: My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016   #Trump2016 MJiLdH1Hvh Kv9pTtDxm7\"
\"@ODedOnRealityTV:  @ApprenticeNBC My birthday's Jan. 3 ; #CelebApprentice returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ;)\"
\"@jjbentleyartist:  If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain\"
\"@N7_Batchelor: What  had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.\"
\"@BernardCastro3:  Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January.\"
\"@_Snurk:  is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST ; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!\"
\"@yungcarps: I believe in  2016 🇺🇸\"
\"@LucyJen33:  Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.\"
\"@nancypa14679248:  @bisignano912704 Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God Bless\"  Thank you!
\"@Garrett__Cox: Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television\"
\"@kyleraccio:  loser newspaper ; loser comedian!\"
\"@Max_Dub12: Still one of my all time favorite cameos. \"Down the hall and to the left\"  #HomeAlone #classic\"
\"@bisignano912704:  liberal rag is done\"
\"@MIKEOLMUSIC:I absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season\"
\"@TangoEchoAlpha:  ..who the F is Bill Maher?\" Nobody really!
\"@MIKEOLMUSIC:  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.\"
\"@Henrylewski:  I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.\"
\"@fa6891e38f8f4bf DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE
\"@liquidkowboy:  We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 #2016Election #USA #NoMoreClintons
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated ; gone!
\"@rpoole1954: @RealPro4Real  Doesn't get much better than that! Trump and Tiger on golf!#Dubai\"
\"@linsey_gile: Wise words spoken by Donald Trump: Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.\"
\"@MATAblets: \"Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing\"-Donald Trump Lean from the best!
\"@Its_TSize: Never realized that  was in Home Alone 2 the man does everything #Trump2016\"
\"@CPcoasterguy94: Always caught off guard when  makes the appearance in Home Alone 2 😄\"
\"@Mrs_JPG: RT : Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.\"
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
\"@LanaEdwards77: @KenyaMoore  I can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice to begin! Should be interesting...\"
So excited to have @SantanaCarlos performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at @TrumpDoral: u0L6WtBFvQ
Congrats @TrumpDoral for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from @BizBash: ELuHP4cdkC
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using @TrumpSoHo’s 20% offer 6c3DgabGW8.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
\"@Bernardv777:  @AplemonLemon You would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! An American citizin that really cares!
\"@JamersonHayes: Yes  please run for president! #trumpsupporter\"\"
\"@denn: DonaldTrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him, the man 'gets it'. very important for modern leaders IMO.\"
\"@AplemonLemon:  please run for president! #trumpsupporter\"
\"@rick_royer:  on point as always\"
\"@StacieLarson777: @foxandfriends Im waiting....4..President Trump!!!!!! :)...I love when u come on fox n friends!! Good Morning..\"
\"@SHMann55:DonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. Trump just heard you on @foxandfriends. El Presidente, Holder, Sharpton have set race back 30 years\"
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
\"@DRJAMESCABOT: @lovusa4: 6 psychiatrists all from HARVARD... TRUMP on verge of genius... Perry average or below IQ..CAN'T absorb data fast\"
\"@moniquehorsey: I really admire .\" Thank you!
\"@mrcharlietoldme: h83FrNmdou 17th hole at Trump L.A. Beautiful track.  @Regional_Bank\"
\"@LaneJh:  @foxandfriends I always watch your Monday morning interviews on Fox and they are all fantastic. Trump for POTUS!\"
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!
\"@SUSANANDREWS12: “Can't wait RT @ApprenticeNBC: “It’s the nastiest I’ve ever seen.” —  on this season of #CelebApprentice\"
\"@EyedUsa:  You are the only man to save America!
\"@gaildemarest:  i agree Mr.Trump should run for President,has brains and integrity,please get this country back on track.\"
\"@stkhlder3: @ApprenticeNBC  CAN NOT WAIT!!!!! fav is @BrandiGlanville !!!!!\"
\"@FeliceCori: . I like when someone who does not need money is getting into polItics.
\"@Etownsend739: Mr. Trump, today is my birthday. My wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction\"
\"@mloughlin: This country needs  to run for president\"
\"@ChristopherCud1:  you are the best republican for the job. Your the only one clean, you need no one's money.
\"@100BeachbumApp:  Run Donald - RUN!\"
\"@ChristopherCud1:  FORGET THE REST , NO ONE IS UP TO SPEED ON THIS RUN FOR PRESIDENT BUT YOU. SO TAKE IT FROM THE BABYS !!!
\"@ChristopherCud1:  YOU CAN WALK AWAY WITH THIS JOB: GO GO\"
\"@frickylie:  so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. Been a big fan since like 4th grade\"  Great!
\"@VladimirRussia7: \" :Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!\"\"
\"@JebBushIsAIdiot: The Only Candidates I Would Vote For President In 16 Are @SenRandPaul Or \"
\"@GClass914: thanks for the good word  nAH5RpMVnb\"
\"@HarveyPelovsky: . We need you badly to run for President. You are a Patriot and we desperately need one. Run!!!!!!!!!!\"
\"@FeyerWoman74: You sir, are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. We need a proven businessman who is a born leader!\"
\"@tearsofthedying:  this will be our year to shine.\"
\"@000HermanSJr000: @GolfDigest Richly deserved #Trump.Looking forward to grander news in 2015.You are the epitome of inspiration.
\"@JJ55334767:  please save the United States of America. I know you can get the country back on the right track again\"
\"@rajeevicha:  @VeryOddDog quite agree. Need to see Mr Trump more in public life\"
\"@SAKREV:  @erotao @IsraeliPM @netanyahu Mr Trump, it is undeniable that Obama hates Israel.\"
\"@VeryOddDog: I hope  runs in 2016! We need new blood and Mr Trump is the one to do it! You will have my vote Sir!\"
\"@SavannahMcPeek: I really hope  runs for president.He would definitely have my vote! Patriotism at it's finest!! #Trump2016
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
Via @townhallcom by @MattTowery: “Why Trump Should Run” hnB4dNMm9T
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of @TrumpRink -TJlwPJ891H
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice ; expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange ; dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
My @greta interview discussing why we do not need another Bush Jf3ywmViP2
\"@SeeCLyde1  Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you!\" Thanks.
\"@WartenbergHans  @JoshuaBlack2014 One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind.\" True!
\"@McVeighKevin My  illustration as seen in audience of the @WendyWilliams show!  SFxfaEoe7m\" Great job!
Not so smart after all … Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Should have settled … Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Pigs get slaughtered … again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Another clip from my @greta interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers 15uZBRW6ws No Courage!
My @WendyWilliams appearance re Sony, Atlantic City, @ApprenticeNBC ; 2016 AdHbeKY94J  Always love going on Wendy’s show!
The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPictures
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
\"@brian_zajac   I'm looking forward to staying @TrumpChicago tonight!  I have heard wonderful things.\"  Great--enjoy!
Must read @ConservReview article by @JeffJlpa1: “Jeb Bush and the Outsiders” jUWa4GHqkR
Via @ScotlandNow:  “Donald Trump starts £250million overhaul on @TrumpTurnberry golf resort” 36jVpRC2oH
Great @foxbusiness interview with @EricTrump on @TeamCavuto discussing the real estate economy ; 2016 NjRZJfw065
My @Yahoo 'Power Players' interview with @jonkarl \"Inside Donald Trump’s new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue” TbtxtxkJNY
Premiering Jan. 4th, the record 14th season’s @ApprenticeNBC cast is the nastiest yet zvMHlm2Fy6 Major Boardroom fireworks!
“@NMoralesNBC, @ThomasARoberts to Host 63rd Annual @MissUniverse” DrAVi9HRBD via @TheWrap by @AnthonyMaglio
Must watch @IvankaTrump interview on @gma discussing #Girlpower wVCbaJyl8S
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony ; Bush
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2, a holiday staple. Z8Y0sTYcWl
I'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!
We fully support @SaveCulzean in Turnberry--great for beauty ; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.   OZSF416FOK
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo for making @CNTraveler's #GoldList2015! XUgYRjyy6T
\"@JeremyWinder: We need  in office. Guide this country back to its roots!!\"
\"@earlallencarr:  that's why we need and want you to run for president\"
\"@rblairbrown: This sentiment of just 'give in easily' wouldn't exist if we had a Trump presidency in place. Run Mr Trump... We need you!\"
\"@Jhauganiii: Sounds gr8 MT @jennyrogersDC: Jose Andres to run the primary restaurant at  's Old Post Office hotel.
\"@KarenMonsour12:  @Vote4Wallace Come on MR. TRUMP we NEED you! Otherwise, what \"You Enjoy\" doing right now, won't exist!
\"@rebelgirl1213:  @Carrienguns America cannot survive another Bush! #NoMoreBush\"
\"@dxdelafu: RT : THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH! Or another Clinton.\"
\"@EileenJael:  @Carrienguns Do you think the Bushes knew Justice Roberts was going to pull an ObamaCare stunt like that?
\"@Teeroyd:  you told America what needs to happen with china, trade, jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!
\"@Marleykush__: Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!! \"
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- eQDh4BkDHp
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'” IuPYmgZwUi
After destroying the Middle East ; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
In Charlottesville, VA, @trumpwinery is Virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties Vm6chhyqJJ
Via @ABC by @jonkarl ; @JordynPhelps: \"Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the ‘Last Thing We Need’\" 3W9wOf9W3X
Via @GolfDigest by @LukeKerrDineen: “@MichaelBreed to open golf academy at Donald Trump’s @TrumpFerryPoint” h1cfQkEmRQ
.@washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Donald Trump lands @chefjoseandres for Old Post Office flagship restaurant” RJWTYAsJsr
My @FoxNews int, with @TeamCavuto on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.\n  5xUhMmpIb1
Story written by a @HuffingtonPost reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail! RVF4ZHUeCk
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter ; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Tweet me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes HmfRHUoIWT
Via @WBJonline by @WBJHolan: “Donald Trump hints at presidential run, promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.” ntyuaXhTu7
Via @TheScotsman: “Donald Trump’s @TrumpTurnberry plan gets go-ahead” lAZE6iNfGB
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises ; grants amnesty to illegals.
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Via @MailOnline by @dmartosko: “President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016” ClOZaoiWzF
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
“Donald Trump on Jeb Bush: ‘The last thing we need is another Bush’” XkI69qmFSS  via @fox5newsdc by @EmilyMiller
C-SPAN/Conversation with Donald Trump/Economic Club of Washington, DC  ONttU3oixF
“See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up
With Miami’s top #NewYearsEve vacation package @TrumpDoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. WWl6UUHqo8
“Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!” 2sujQYiYwN via @GossipExtra
\"@kyle_42120: Donald Trump  running for #president? YES please! #youhavemyVote\"
\"@kyle_42120:  FOR PRESIDENT. #2016 #RealChange 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺
\"@GetsThruBuckner: America needs \"
\"@Scottishrecipes: We have added MacLeod House in Aberdeen @TrumpScotland to our best restaurants in Scotland page at F4JuSZ4aH5
\"@rightwingMerca:  for president\"
\"@Ferlpb:  GOVERNMENT SHOULD SPEND THAT ON FIGHTING ISIS. RUN FOR PRESIDENT, DONALD. YOU CAN DO IT.\"
\"@matthewclement4:  For president\"
\"@tpratt31: DO YOUR FELLOW PATRIOTS PROUD AND RUN  RUN! #weneedapatriot #1600pennsylvaniaave #2016 #patriotwithabrain\"
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
\"@L3nny85: Incredible interview @megynkelly I hope @SenJohnMcCain was watching. cc:  @wolfblitzer #TortureReport #TRUTH\"
Via @DailyMail by @chriskitching: “Luxury penthouse at @TrumpChicago skyscraper sells for record $17M” j095jFo098
“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty F3GNbzWKC5
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
The lights went out at the White House today f7z1t5CKBJ  Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
Via @TVGrapevine: “@ApprenticeNBC: Premieres Sunday, January 4, 2015”\n  VamRTdBiyn
Via @WashTimes by @harperbulletin: “Donald Trump Goes to Washington” \n  XxOxEhlCTB
Looking forward to tonight's conversation w/ David Rubenstein @TheEconomicClub. Airing live on @cspan at 7PM EST ONttU3oixF
.@Zagat named Christmas Day Brunch @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays y15FSAZdkE
\"@BeatsByRay:  You're a legend!!\"  Wow!
\"@njoh1234:  @chadj19 Country needs to rise ; be great again! So we need great men ; leaders at the top!!\" True!
\"@dpinsen:  America needs to be renovated like the Wollman Rink - and you're the man to do it.\"
\"@ItsBenHorsfall:  I live in Australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president, is this true?\"  Stay tuned!
\"@Jackshallis:  TRUMP 2016\"
\"@PianoBecca: Amercia really needs a man like . And why settle for \"LIKE\" him? USA needs TRUMP!  Thanks!
\"@Keven_GR7:  I want to live in a U.S. where you are President\"  Thank you!
\"@RomeroRobbins:  @Blarescape3 @foxandfriends Mr Trump you could return America's business respectability ; viability with the world!\" EASY!
\"@sgrayva:  didn't don imus make that same mistake\"  Yes!
\"@AgnesphAgnes:  One thing about Mr.Donald Trump!He's on target.Lets see wht transpires btwn Al Sharpton ; Amy Pascal.
\"@FlorenceDiLeo:  @foxandfriends glad you're a part of foxandfriends!\"
\"@DerekVarsalona:  @foxandfriends Listening to you now. you are great.
\"@NCconserv:  great at explaining the ignorance of Obama anti-America administration on @FoxNews! #tcot #RedNationRising
\"@alvinkaisi:  @BigBobbyWatson Amy is a SAP!! Sharpton loves Suckers like Her!\" True, she is a fool!
\"@DavideBergstein @AllenWest A much needed Trump/West ticket. Opposite of our 'president', 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy/world
\"@gabriellamileti: \"She should be terminated for being stupid.\" Best quote of the day from THE  @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends\"
\"@Sailing_J:  you just made me laugh. The Sony women is stupid for calling Al Charlatan\"
\"@TimboWoods:  outstanding insight on Fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
@TheRevAl   VzAPDwP6nE\"  Al Sharpton loves \"Trump\" because he knows I get him, others don't! Check out picture.
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
\"@PianoBecca:  In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong ; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!\"
\"@fackinpeter:  I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014\" I agree but have already been twice!
\"@FOMOVancouver: The new #CelebrityApprentice starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again. a8qhIXhVzV\"
\"@susanmangels: #CASEV in sunny #Chicago with LARGE Trump sign outside window. #SheratonChicago wiqW8UMKUA\"
\"@lindsey_shanks: #Donald  bought my favorite #dc building. New hotel coming in 2016 to #PennAve @ Old Post Office… sXkq5TRrNB
\"@Jetsbb:  That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the @nyjets\" I agree!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
\"@888maggie888: @ApprenticeNBC I want to see  ! He has the best hair in the biz you know! His wife is  amazing too!\"
\"@Shoove11: “: \"@RTMARTINAZ:  America could sure use you in 2016, sir!\"” Yes please!!\"
\"@KingOf_Class:  hey Donald...in love with Trump Tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!\"
\"@Gdestefano95: Anyone else like to see Trump in office? He's an American patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy!
\"@seankesser:  People with bachelor's degrees can't find jobs in #US. And Obama wants to bring in more immigrants.\"
\"@GeneLingerfelt: The  on the #TortureReport: 8IYBSApAMy\"
\"@hersheyKISSling: I'd have to say that  has one of the best accounts on Twitter\"
\"@onecherfan:  @BB1fanTambra never thought I'd say this but Mr Trump ur right!\"
\"@IgnaciusG:  @greta You are awesome, sir! Thank you for gifting our marine!\"
\"@JackWitty: I don't want a party as My President, I want a decisive,confident Leader.  will \"fire\" China. Give US a spark\"
\"@MaximizeNetwork:  #Inspiration Thank you!\"
\"@tray24u1: \": If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?\"
\"@PianoBecca:  is so Right about everything for SURE! Not olny is he smart he has BUSINESS EXPERENCE that makes good #Prez\"
\"@PianoBecca:  when will you anounce your running for Presedent? Thousands-- MILLLIONS-- have baited breath we NEED you!\"
\"@DanScavino: . RT: “@TMZ_Sports: Tiger Woods -- I'm Working for Donald Trump! NYJNnbgmC6”\"
\"@YoChambers:  @toptv005 @VikkiTB we've had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism, bad economy etc...\"
\"@toptv005: @VikkiTB he was thé Very First one to warn people about Barack Hussein Obama ; people blamed him? Well, he was right!\"
“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan
\"@VikkiTB:  is so right with everything he is saying run... Please run for president\"
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!
\"@Everclear_King:  #Trump2016\"
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
\"@ConstanceMcN: : Donald, I am in love and admire you! Run for president in 2016 and all will be well!\"
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
\"@jvas1110:  Trump for PRESIDENT !!!!\"
\"@LeezaGibbons: @IanZiering Congrats on @ChainsawBrands ! DonaldTrump must be proud ! #Sharknado\" Way to go @IanZiering, you are a winner!
\"@PianoBecca: I AM GOING TO VOTE FOR  IN 2016 BECAUSE WE NEED A LEADER WITH VISION!
\"@PeterDay20:  love how you speak your mind\"  Well, somebody has to!
“Trump, Tiger Team Up to Create 'Stunning' Golf Course in Dubai”\n  rKslhbQjNi via @Newsmax_Media by @Jlorenz
These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica, NY. fzewcDrjz6
\"@redvetttes:  @itsRyanHilton if he tells China where to go ,He has my vote\"
\"@The_Lady_Colors:  @itsRyanHilton He would be the very best of what this country needs today!\"
\"@PianoBecca: Nothing more important for America to do then get it's house in ordure that means dump Obama PRONTO elect Mr.Trump ASAP! #Prez
\"@itsRyanHilton:  I honestly can't wait forTrump to announce he is running for President - a strong no BS leader who will put America 1st\"
\"@BenTrawlins:  Hitting the Ice over at @TrumpRink ! World Class!!\"
\"@PianoBecca: This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrump rules!
\"@maxtucci: @ucfoundation #MaraLago  You have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home 1p25qHdvTR\"
Central Park’s top locale @TrumpRink is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent ; acclaimed 2fgmJScbGa
Via @BreitbartNews by @pamkeyNEN: “Trump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business, Going to Collapse”\n  tgXqNnap9P
Via @11AliveNews by @JenniferJJacobs: “Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises” 0UjtVzWPre
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often ; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Obama ; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
I will miss @Letterman ; doing his show. He was always intriguing ; smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
\"@BenTrawlins @TrumpDoral  Riding that tiger as we speak!\"  Great!
\"@M_Sallis:  what is the completion date for the #VancouverProperty #TrumpVancouver\"  Soon!
\"@SAVEHICNO1: MR. TRUMP, I THINK YOU OUGHT TO DO AN APPRENTICE SHOW FOR PEOPLE TO COME UP FOR A WINNING STRADEGY FOR YOU TO RUN IN 2016\"
\"@KillianZane: I'll be the vp for  when he is president\" You would be better than what we have now!
\"@NathanGC:  Saw the trailer for Apprentice... Bring it on!\"
\"@TimboWoods:  Mr Trump I always enjoy your calls to the Howard Stern show. When can we expect your next one?\" Soon!
\"@KillianZane: Let  run out country\"
\"@Al4uk:  was in Chicago and saw your sign on your building. It looks great!!\"
\"@jimrobbins1973: DonaldTrump. the new World Trade Center is probably target #1 for terrorists. That's the reason for the maximum security
\"@BestBergerEver:  I agree! Durst is the worst! FvRhupmsa8 Wish you could fire him, Mr. Trump.\"
\"@AZigmann:  Donald Trump for President.\"
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
“Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity ; return all taxpayer money.
Via @Citizens_United: “Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th” kAw6eOHZI0
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: \"Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month\" 30XAVfz8A1
Looking forward to being hosted ; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub \n  1PSF1l8LSp
ICYMI, @nypost’s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my “best and most riveting” 9xdFijthlc
\"@TimboWoods:  please run for president\"
\"@SirMikeAdams: Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. It can all change!
\"@DRJAMESCABOT:  @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...\"
\"@itsRyanHilton: VOTE  for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again\"
\"@Cherelynn:  @LLL3_0 @BrandiGlanville @ArenaTV Congratulations to you all!\"
\"@bereasonable2:  @gpoch918 yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs\"
\"@MIKE_CENA2015:  I would vote for you Mr Trump ; I don't even vote ...\"
\"@joelde: You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?\"  No, never!
\"@dhammie0897: Looking forward to a great weekend @TrumpLasVegas  ...hearing outstanding things about this @trumpcollection\"
\"@fiteswithheart:  In a NY minute!\"
\"@DonnaFins:  America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLY  IS VOTED IN. #PresidentTrump2016\"
\"@PianoBecca: First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!\"
\"@LLL3_0: Awesome. @BrandiGlanville Australia is screening #CelebrityApprentice 12 Jan can't wait @ArenaTV \"
\"@PianoBecca:  already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!\"
\"@joelleangeli: DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!\"
\"@PianoBecca:  Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! #Tump2016\" So true!
\"@shawnrss:  Donald Trump will end poverty!\"
\"@ronmeier123: The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!\"
\"@AlexBrochesMTV: Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
\"@illStayGolden:  is the man.\"  Thanks.
\"@Youxia88: Good idea. RT : \"@harpers1niter:  Let's just put you in the white House now.\"\"
\"@BBCoachKK:  @TheTyler_S Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?\"
\"@ZackBaird52:  for President in 2016, you have my vote\"
\"@GetawaysGolf: If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump and @TigerWoods partnership in Dubai
\"@michh_amber: Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is  ! Please run for president 🙏\"
\"@TheTyler_S: . your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film\"
\"@accidental_boss: Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once #donaldtrumpforprez \"
\"@harpers1niter:  Let's just put you in the white House now.\"
\"@JLanderson1999:  For president 2016!
\"@InsideGolfNews: @TigerWoods and  have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
\"@tweetbarryb: Looking good in Vegas today  ts2q8yserk\"
\"@Nottinghams1: @FWproud #JohnRoberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what #ObamaTheDestroyer is but JR pretends to be #Conservative\"
\"@ZANDIO:  where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA\"
\"@optimu @TigerWoods partners with  on Dubai course set to open in 2017 @ESPN 4Y1Prclczz He3PruEAJd\"
\"@GolanLernerM: RT : \"@ColtsWynn: The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. rzCgbCo8Hd\"
\"@murphysociety:  @Tyler_Allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?\"
\"@keeli_munkres:  for president 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
\"@iosuahh: It feels good working overtime ; knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. 😂\"  Cute!
\"@FLGorman_HB: Lunch w Donald Trump @icsc New York National Dealmaking. Really good.\"
\"@katilynn_paygee: Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..\"
\"@dleonaard: Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me 👌\"
\"@MikeBayham: watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didn't realize  was in it.\" I was!
\"@overcaves: @optigan4 vote  2016\"
\"@Tyler_Allreddd: Well said  #Obamacare 8T6O4P5eu8\"
\"@optigan4: @overcaves  no one could run our country better &lt;3\"
Via @GolfweekMag by @GolfweekBRomine: “@TigerWoods to design Trump course in Dubai” dhk7UkIsfb
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums ; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Very sad ; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
“The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklaus
With imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland’s Championship Course is a masterpiece f2BuzvsSkH
Via @worldnetdaily by @jerome_corsi: “Donald Trump: Obama’s Jobless Figures ‘Phony.’ Economists agree.”\n  pkadnlh0x9
“@DamacOfficial Announces @TigerWoods to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai” cNBBOXfbdb via @BusinessWire
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support @AutismSpeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
\"@abaker20:  @realDarrin I'm so excited for this upcoming season of #CelebrityApprentice. This looks like it's going to be amazing\"
\"@pipo442:  @fackinpeter @TIME You are the soul of NYC.\" Thank you!
\"@realDarrin:  \"Can't wait for Celeb Apprentice 7!!! bzfg6jLZbT\"
\"@GolfRecruiter: @TigerWoods to design 18 hole course at #AKOYA #Oxygen  #Dubai can't wait to visit...\" A fantastic place!
\"@fackinpeter: I don't care what @Time says,  is my person of the year\"
\"@CarriagewayGuy:  Run Donald you've mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!\"
\"@wendijo24:  so excited for #celebrityapprentice Looks like a great group of people!!\"
\"@SAVEHICNO1:  YES MR. TRUMP YOUR A SHOE IN TO WIN. RUN DONALD RUN\"
\"@Bernardv777:  @PianoBecca You are and always will be the man! Please run!
\"@PianoBecca: When all is said ; done we need a smart man, a couragious man, a sensible man, ; a BUSINESSMAN. That man is !
\"@EggMac1: “: Wow, just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Just Played it today, it was Great.\"
Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
\"@warrencasselljr:  You are a rockstar!\" No, just someone who wants to see things done right, but thanks!
\"@MichaelMeram:  @kyleraccio This war with @Rosie is halarious.  keeps roasting her\" She starts, I finish!
\"@TheBrianM:  @kyleraccio I can't believe they haven't fired Rosie yet.\" They will, soon!
.@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!
\"@SAVEHICNO1:  @StationarySpace @GolfMagazine YOU HAVE MY VOTE DONALD\"
\"@fackinpeter:  Biggest mistake of 2014 was ABC rehiring @rosie\"
\"@Lotuschild32:  @kyleraccio Rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #TheView\"
\"@Biggdaddy1989:  @GolfMagazine Very NICE!!\"
\"@timessquarehero:  Great job today on @foxandfriends\"
\"@StationarySpace:  @GolfMagazine TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!
\"@kyleraccio:  The View was terrible today. I feel sad for ABC!\"  Rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings!
\"@Legendisland:  The Nick Saban of business!!\"
\"@PatrickTrushell: Serious today..had to break out the  tie for this deal today.. VEpMWLTkNv\"  Looks great!
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - \"BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION\" - ; \"ALL TIME\"
Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
\"@ChefMedz: 2016 gotta happen \"
Our country and our \"leaders\" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Obama opposes sanctions on Iran SGqN0gmc5y They are laughing at Kerry ; Obama!
\"When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.\"    -- Thomas A. Edison
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth ; pro-energy Senator.
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents ; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
Via @StarsEntLive by Nick Ricko: “@kevinjonas, @IanZiering In Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC First Look” 0vos5qByGd
Congratulations to @TrumpPanama for being named one of the “Best of +VIP Access” hotels for 2014 by @Expedia!cREGfHwlbe
Home of @PGATOUR’s @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral represents all that is Miami: energy, glamour, innovation ; luxury 3UHjQXzvPu
On schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver's 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of Vancouver’s skyline qmX8K9cSOO
\"@foxandfriends:Should #CIA torture tactics documents be released?  weighs in: AM8ml0i1TH oF4TDV6rUL
\"@WPS1879LTD: We are spending the day at the #NYConf and look forward to the keynote presentation from \"  Great!
\"@shoot69towin: I went to Doral over the holidays,have to say it was everything I expected a trump facility to be. Staff is exceptional.\"
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
\"@LiamMcKercher:  We need  to be President\"
\"@fgthegman:  @StarsEntLive @kevinjonas @IanZiering WHAT???? No Gary Busey?? Love the show! I'm sure it'll be great!!\"
\"@App_master12:  would get my vote for president any day!!! #America\"
\"@MyNameIsLONG1:  #Trump2016\"
\"@JoseThePaisa:  Mr. Trump do you know how sad it's to have a POTUS that ignored remembrance of Pearl Harbor?So un patriotic
\"@adamhasasneh: “@Scott__Marx: Can't wait to see  run for president and win #Trump2016” @MatthewMercer7\"
\"@fackinpeter:  I can't wait to watch you on @foxandfriends tomorrow. I'm sure you have some wise thoughts about #EricGarner
\"@victahh11: \": Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.\"\"
\"@StarsEntLive: #CelebrityApprentice is back! Here's a preview w/ @kevinjonas, @IanZiering, yVa7JI9bHc q07v3QQOPc\"
\"@teresalynnarthu: @BrandiGlanville @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC It's about time the date was announced! I love this show! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@steveaustin36: @BrandiGlanville  @MMayer87 @ApprenticeNBC best reality show on tv\"
\"@southpaw_08:  for President!!!!\"
\"@JackWitty: @Wharton @IvankaTrump Ur a smart lady.Hope  bcomes POTUS.Know he's busy,but.....!
\"@FastTrackTalent:  booked @terrellowens for @ApprenticeNBC ?? I have to watch this!! #Apprentice #GetYourPopcornready.
\"@kyle_diehl34: The next celebrity apprentice cast is 🔥 \" True!
\"@A_Roy0317: The Celebrity Apprentice is back January 4th and I can't wait to see  pick people apart in the boardroom.\"
\"@Sundropaholic: FINALLY @ApprenticeNBC returns!  rescues the winter TV schedule. Our house never misses it.\" Great!
\"@Li:Can't wait to meet! DonaldTrump will deliver keynote @ICSC NY National Deal Making Conference on Dec 8. j7aUKk9Tdz #NYConf\"
\"@cfdmthompson: Great day at Trump National Charlotte. Loved the renovations.  dxoN6czeMF\"
\"@steff17brown: My biggest hero will forever be  #Trump2016\" Thank you.
\"@TheReelChrisLee:  @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Best show on television\"
\"@Chris_R_2014:  @MMayer87 @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC Looks like a great cast. The show is incredible. Can't wait!\"
\"@MMayer87: @BrandiGlanville  @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait to watch the show!\" January 4th.
\"@Chris_R_2014: I will step over them to buy a  tie.\"
\"@CC1285:  please run for president !!! So many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!\"
\"@adidasfevernova:  hey Donald - where can I purchase a #Trump2016 campaign shirt? Any details soon?\"
\"@Mogainc  @CelebApprentice when is the new season starting? I can't wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice\" January 4th
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of @ApprenticeNBC LG8RLsCape
“Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness
Obama is giving Social Security ; ObamaCare to illegals, yet wants to cut military benefits 9WOTxcby49 Disgrace!
Looking forward to speaking at prestigious @TheEconomicClub on December 15th Vg8kOfbn3g
.@Newsmax by @melaniebatley: \"Donald Trump Tells Why He's Eyeing the White House.I'll Tell You Why He Could Win.\" 0Vv6VUqjxo
Via NYTimes, What's Your Ideal Gadget?  H4McIm5ZQ3
\"@Tacosandmore  just rocked trump collection for interview. Great shirts\" Thanks.
\"@Dietztaa_9: If Donald Trump ran for president, he'd have my vote based on his Twitter account alone\"
\"@ColtsWynn: The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. rzCgbCo8Hd\"  Thanks.
\"@vidopisugam: RT  The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA\"
\"@DKielbiski:  @BrandiGlanville @SpeakingTruth11 @samcgirl Donald trump always gets it right! Brandiglanville is awesome.
\"@tpratt31:Just saw the iconic DonaldTrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! What's in the NY water?\"
\"@baileyandy69: @SaggaSwagga @WayneASchneider Donald Trump would be an amazing president because he's not gonna sugar coat anything. #TRUMP\"
\"@raisingarlic:  just set my DVR to record Celebrity Apprentice Jan. 4 Don't want to miss a second!!\" Great.
\"@bucezoxisesu:  Reading an all time favorite TRUMP: The Art of The Deal! A must read!
\"@RealPro4Real: The best advice you can get in a book! Trump: The Art of the Deal Ss2uEQW0dV  @EricTrump 84FVm3jaNW\"
“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing ; over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising s4z0EzWQPN Priorities
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans ixwdZ9Uo1N  We should send them to Gitmo for some R;R.
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New York’s most elite 5 Star hotel. @TrumpSoHo offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence qBU9t4KJ6w
With magnificent views, @TrumpChicago is the perfect venue to host impact events ; business meetings UUnq3w1n1z
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. BQFuiUsvCG
\"@Jagbarron Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good  #celebrityapprentice   jVDSR2rVEw …
“Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney
\"@worrywarto: @FoxNews @CNN @YahooNews @abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck ; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out!\" True.
\"@amegarity:  was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.
\"@Christina820x: @BrandiGlanville can't wait to see you on apprentice!!! @NBCNews \"
\"@fackinpeter:  I think you should be Time's person of the year\"
\"@Hotdamsel2:  Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!
\"@KenJLThomson:  @mikerugg1 for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!\"
\"@GibsonLuke7:  Donald Trump-2016-All the way\"
\"@OVOTim:  you should definitely run for president and fix this country\"
\"@mikerugg1:  is the man America needs #Trump2016\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: Rosie ; Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. #trump2016\"
\"@adamsteinbaugh:  please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.\"
\"@SaggaSwagga:  I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! #Trump2016
\"@shelbytaylor3: If  ran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.\"
\"@jdbailey08: @MurphyTasha and I think  should run for president. Make it happen sir.\"
\"@metalfirefrog:  @kyleraccio @aphonapelma trump would have my vote hands down\"
\"@TylerBelawske:  @kaitlin_bunch then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!\"
\"@Brian_Legit:  please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created\" I agree!
\"@MichaelMeram:  would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper\"  But with heart!
\"@kyleraccio:  @aphonapelma If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!\"
\"@majorgoob: #trumpforpresident #presidenttrump  DdQx3llDMq\"
\"@aphonapelma:  Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: \"You're Fired!\"\"
\"@Bettylovesdogs:  -please-when does celebrity apprentice start????\"  January 4th.
\"@EnlighTea: The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait\"
\"@kaitlin_bunch:  do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?\"  YES!
\"@DunkaRooney:  your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies\"
\"@Salvato231Janet:  @tlrchrstphrbrsn you got my vote\"
\"@mrjgp:  awesome howard stern interview!\"
\"@hufseyg:  I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president 💁\"
\"@Crowhogan33: So glad I'm able to vote now, so if  runs for president, I can vote for him.\"
\"@DanKonservative:  @tlrchrstphrbrsn Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?!\" Yes!
\"@Dawn__Patrol:  @louise_kruger1 @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice, ♡ The Donald! Finally, I've been waiting 2 long!\"
\"@tlrchrstphrbrsn:  please run for president\"
\"@BillPickle:  I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once.\"  Just watch!
\"@louise_kruger1: @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!\"
\"@jeffferrier:  first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
\"@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for  to announce that he's running for President\"
\"@KaelaDianne97:  is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!!\" Thanks.
\"@SpeakingTruth11:  @samcgirl me too! I'm such a big fan of @BrandiGlanville !!\"
\"@peter_bollini: \"@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has 2B season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous!  I CANNOT wait!!!!!\"
\"@GQ_MURPHY:  your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .\"
\"@andrew_schinds: I'd rather be golfing with \"
\"@mrjonathandavis:  hi Donald! You're awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.
\"@HMunjal: . is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur!\" Thank you.
\"@HolaCatarina: If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet   #LoveHim\"
\"@kvstravel:  as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton;bush as potus\"
\"@saltytrey: @KellyMcKayShow  @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC High praise indeed.\"
\"@lee_nall: Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now that's a Legacy!!\"
\"@StrikeTrump: Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!\"
\"@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous!  I CANNOT wait!!!!!
\"@samcgirl: @DMartinMMXII  I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!❤️😍❤️
\"@AmFam2013:  @TMZ_Politics You would have my vote Donald Trump\"
\"@stewy1510:  @thefulldish U should run for president and help us out of it
In the very least, Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.
It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Via @PeoplesCompany: \"Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015 @LandExpo in West Des Moines, Iowa\" DMjpFhv86M
Via @DMRegister by @JoelAschbrenner: \"Trump to speak at @LandExpo in West Des Moines\" e0c5TCQWTe
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Tickets are now available for the 2015 @CadillacChamp at @TrumpDoral, March 4-8: 9eM2AEdGlB
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
Via Newsmax. Nice article, thank you so much.   PvQTJNooua
“Success is dependent on effort.” - Sophocles
“Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC” twOPULclzr via @TradeArabia
\"@JessArrigo:  Trump for President!! Make it happen, we need an intelligent leader! 💞 #trumpforpresident\"
\"@sintianiej:  @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics Oh yes the next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@MsVivicaFox: @LeezaGibbons @Jules_2010 @ApprenticeNBC  @IanZiering @lorenzolamas @kevinjonas Miss ya too darling! Happy Holidays! TTYS;)\"
\"@KellyMcKayShow: @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC  awesome. Ill be watching. Kick some butt!\"
\"@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song\"
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @1Kathleen75 @TMZ_Politics I believe that too! Run, DT! Please!\"
\"@iluvmorso:  can't wait to see the Apprentice - it's back finally\" On January 4th.
\"@1Kathleen75:  @TMZ_Politics Because you won't take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us, I truly believe this.\" True!
\"@ma.Has anyone mentioned to  that \"Celebrity Apprentice\" is a brilliant concept?Celeb egos feed content. Masses eat it up!\"
\"@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for  to announce that he's running for President\"
\"@Brad202b: I can't believe they let her back on the view, she's god awful as....well anything “ ... 82v2Y5PygF\"
\"@Deanna_Lea_: @celebritytroll  True, but America is starved for leadership and he's our best option. Ted Cruz etc are canned rhetoric\"
\"@BJKizer74: Mr.Trump, I love that you are crushing the #CowardInChief on social media. As a former Marine I have ZERO respect for #Obummer.
\"@BJKizer74:  please run in 2016 America needs a POTUS with balls to stop America from being a worldwide laughingstock.
\"@TaylorGianfermi: MrXWR3Umbj  is marvelous for calling out the notorious bozo @Rosie. Never laughed so hard.
\"@TMZ_Politics: Say what you want about this: #ISIS would not exist under President \"
No surprise. @Rosie is failing on @TheView.Terrible ratings.“Malcontent\" ; another season is \"out of the question\" RAh59q06N4
\"@Jerm_AHOLIC   @Rosie you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!\"  First night!
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama ; Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Via @washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Bidding to stay at Trump’s hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS.\" Z1V76KGXQI
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
\"@EyeAmSMF @DRUDGE_REPORT   should replace @Rosie on The View. :-)\" Well, they would then get great ratings!
\"@maxmfoto ’s cameo performance just made Home Alone 2 my favorite christmas movie\"  Thanks.
.@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude ; not smart. She is not in your league.
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
#TrumpVlog @Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View. iOpzn015hB
#TrumpVlog @Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working. kOj0AV2tNR
Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
Just as I predicted @Rosie would fail on The View- P7OAJBxskt.
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
\"@topcat33831795: @foxandfriends Obama's first meeting after midterm loss was #AlSharpton Continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures.
\"@GZervs: Love listening to  on @foxandfriends it's the perfect start to my morning ; week!\"
\"@ceovince:  We need a president who doesn't take any (crap) from anybody!!! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@CMILLE__: @GREATGAETANO  he's a str8 foward guy ; does things the way it's needed to be done\"
\"@Deanna_Lea_:  you'd win the south #presidenttrump\"
\"@mychemicalcarli: have a trumptastic monday!!  picY01JPzd\" Thank you.
\"@Sam_Keady: You are a Real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@craig_eaton12:  Mr Trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident\"
\"@CMILLE__:  for president\"
\"@Golfeventplan: Great article in Met Golfer this month on the development of Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point #trump PKRSiiF7AR\"
\"@MSmoldt:  \"The American dream is alive and well\" good interview on @FoxNews this AM #GYTU ☝️\"
\"@CMILLE__:  is a real individual , very brilliant man!  Thank you.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
\"@ronmeier123:  You can never be wrong if you vote for MR. TRUMP in 2016! He is the RIGHT MAN for President! Happy Sunday!\"
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
\"@JHasseyjr: \"@abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! Thank\"
\"@Bugsben20: @ODINVIKING76  right on Donald can't be bought like the rest of them!\"
\"@abunnieslife: Mr Trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in Chicago You own a grand building sir! 4dtTG1Luz1\"
\"@Nancy_Miracle:  please run for President. You would be a wonderful leader\" Thank you!
\"@brianfinn96:  Hope to see you back in Doonbeg as President of USA\"
\"@BobMenziesGolf:  @TylerClodfelter It should be locker #1, in my opinion! #Trump2016\"
\"@giantsandles: only  can get the economy back on track, clean up the government\" I agree, stay tuned!
\"@Jackshallis:  Donald Trump for president\"
\"@jcrmtxus:  @KraftyWurker hopefully he will run for 2016 elections\" Stay tuned!
\"@TylerClodfelter:  found your locker at Trump National. We had an awesome time. U404zZun6v\"  Great.
\"@KraftyWurker:  Yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since #Trump started making threats ; demands of OPEC ; others.\"
\"@Bugsben20:  run for prez the country needs you!\"
\"@KraftyWurker: #Trump is the only potential Presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil ; gas prices.
\"@PianoBecca: OMG OMG OMG  just RTd meee! Yay! I sooo admire him. I cant wait for him to be MY Presedent!!! #Tump2016\"
\"@sintianiej:DonaldTrump @InTheElections @southheastt Oh yes the next President of the United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@InTheElections:  We can do it with you leading us. TRUMP 2016\"
\"@twins44:  I think you are responsible for lower gas prices, only you had the balls to call out OPEC. Thank you Mr. Trump\"
\"@ladykingadejavu: Perfect moment with an inspiring #book. Thank you Mr Trump :) … zkPto2K0Kp\"
\"@JoshHasADog: Me with Don and Sarah. We went out for pizza that night. Remember . 8wEZ1OSe16\"
\"@ryanbushby:  Some nights I think to myself that its a darn shame Mr. Trump isnt in office\"
\"@ryanbushby:  Trump 2016!\"
\"@OlyaGradova:  please tell me you are at least considering running for President.. Please please please.\"  I am!
\"@ForeverMcIn:  I can't wait to see Trump 2016 all over the news! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@tip66:  we all love you in Australia. Visit us when you’re President.\" A great place!
\"@JoshHasADog:  @ronmeier123 @JebBurtonRacing @jerrysan52 Donald \"Real Deal\" Trump. I've been calling him that for years!!!!
\"@Going_HAN:  I am over career politicians, we need someone who knows business in Washington. I'm rooting for you Mr. Trump\"
\"@PoloMurillo101:  we all love you in Mexico Donald! You are our role model!!\"  Thanks!
\"@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president! \"
\"@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president \"
\"@Tigers2iron:  @PianoBecca When is your announcement that you aren't going to run scheduled to be made?\"  Stay tuned!
\"@ronmeier123:  @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 Can there be any doubt that MR.TRUMP is \"THE REAL DEAL!\"\"  Thank you!
\"@InTheElections:  @southheastt Awwww, what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. TRUMP 2016!\"
\"@jabupaqatago: RT : Great news from Ireland”Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel\" So smart!
\"@wesley_minga:  you're a genius!\" Thank you, you are so correct!
\"@jerrysan52:  Now that is a combo..he needs ride along RT @JebBurtonRacing: Got to meet the man Donald Trump. 👍👍 IuiQe46Sxk\"\"
\"@TylerTheKicker: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will forever be a great song\" Many agree!
\"@southheastt: on this joyous holiday I am thankful to  for being the bright light that guides America home\"
\"@SanFranSuperman: @TMZ :  Trump should be the next president of the US. Guy is a genius!
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
\"@nicofazioprod:  continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!\"
\"@o2okito:  for president in 2016 !!
\"@Slim_Shady2o3:  you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!\"
@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's
\"@iJano27: If billionaire  once became #USA president he'll make #America best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! 🇺🇸💪👍\"
\"@BigJ_ExtFitness: “: \"@lovely_laura21: ,  for president 🇺🇸✊\"”AGREED!\"
\"@MattyGucci:  This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@RafaelMerrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.\"
Great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones @TrumpLasVegas: eIQc8x5kyG
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from @TrumpSoHo, on @TrumpCollection's Tumblr: zEiVU3KqX6
\"@bmariebrown99:  I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!\"
\"@SpenceMac96:  PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA\"
\"@afrangione8: #TrumpForPresident #2016 Make it happen, enough said \"
\"@Tyler_MostDope:  I am definitely voting for this man right here \"
\"@spbowl:  @lovely_laura21 As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree it's about time we have a biz savvy guy.
\"@JoshuaAlthina:I have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office ; fixing this country🇺🇸 #2016\"
\"@SouthRoyce:  @lovely_laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE, He's the Man, no doubt\"
\"@lovely_laura21: Seriously,  for president 🇺🇸✊\"
\"@Jsandoval_7:  I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.\"
\"@CarrGaz: All the latest on  's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's @CarrGaz
\"@SJFloyd06: Only way I'm registering to vote is if  runs for president\"
\"@gmoney8500: I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call  #CommanderInChief\"
\"@UP1775:  @OGRumple yes!! More people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016\"
\"@JeromeGottlieb:  trump 2016! we need you in office\"
\"@UP1775: @RitaEvelynYanez  yeah true, but hey he would be a good president\"
\"@OGRumple:  has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !\"
\"@Longviewmayor:  you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!?\" Good genes!
\"@mattfeierabend:  @moore2score it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump\"
\"@UP1775:  2k16 man👍\"
\"@ImDruChainz:  if you run for president you'll make our country great again\" I agree, thanks!
\"@moore2score: Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared...\" True!
\"@24k: @TrumpChicago I have been in your hotel, great views of #Chicago. Congrats from @TravlandLeisure, . #TravelTuesday
There is nothing @TrumpSoHo did not think about for the holidays - @RobbReport dives in: nVlWNuYHXq
Congrats @TrumpChicago for being named #3 Best Business Hotel in Chicago in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Dlq7BDhqXm.
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
If you love it, own it. @TrumpCondosLV bring unparalleled style, elegance and world class amenities to Las Vegas 6VJ9kYA5n0
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case
\"@TheRealZach49: This is why we need  in office. @BarackObama doesn't know how to keep order\"
\"@Abdul_Akbarzai1:  \"@TheRealZach49:  can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed\"
\"@D_Mellette:  for president 2k16\"
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Rated @GolfMagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country, Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes vq05peRfXO
Via @LinkedInPulse  by @nicholas_wyman: “What All Hiring Managers Can Learn from Donald Trump”\n  cByBYSRKgX
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits- b8dpH1ZEgd
Great #Thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @NYTimesTravel including an option\n  from @TrumpNewYork: 4AaJVsvQHW.
\"@ddrocks777 . Cannot wait for the newest season of The Celebrity Apprentice!! I've been a huge fan since it started\" Great!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
\"@JordanMeuleners:  you will always be one of my idols!!\" Thank you.
\"@sintianiej:  @shmopniggadick The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@TheNordicBroad: I might not always agree w/ everything he says,but it's wonderful how  engages w/ people on Twitter.
\"@Jurisprude1:DonaldTrump Obama comes to Australia and makes a speech against our PM at a time we're fighting together in Iraq. Run please!\"
\"@sintianiej:  @MrInsaf The next president of United States .My president Donald Trump . In 2016 .\"
\"@KenJohnson21:  @foxandfriends I can't wait Donald, my Monday is complete!\"
\"@musicislife1239:  u should be president\"
\"@e1e5672d96c747c:Mr. Trump,We need you in Office,We need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize Our Country,Your Fired!
\"@SHMann55:  Good Morning Mr. Trump! Your comment's were dead on this a.m. on F;F\"
\"@DianeInVegas: @foxandfriends  I truly wish Mr. Trump the best he's Awesome!; Very Cool. So Smart. Trump 4 President yeah!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!
\"@JaskulskiDiane:  @mileswynn3 @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR We would have the best economy in the world with him as President!\" True!
\"@shmopniggadick:  has got my vote\"
\"@CahlRStorrie:  The Art of The Deal is on my Christmas list. Let's hope I get it.\"
\"@Lillytwotimes:  run for president pleaseeee\"
\"@JaskulskiDiane: @mileswynn3  @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR He sure is more than qualified to be President.\"
\"@shmopniggadick:  for president\"
\"@FanOfGreenMMs:  @Sal_lyann @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Mr. Trump is a wonderful man ; more Presidential than the Fraud-in-Chief now.\"
\"@CahlRStorrie:  @mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR a billionaire president. Now that's something I'd like to see! #trump2016\"
\"@mileswynn3: @CahlRStorrie @Jennifer75AR Trump would be # 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately I do not think so\" Just watch!
\"@MrInsaf:  you are a  decent man ; true to your word. America needs you mr Trump. Plz run for president.\"
\"@Sal_lyann: DonaldTrump @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Does Donald Trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already\"
\"@mileswynn3 @Jennifer75AR @CahlRStorrie Guys Trump is busy running the Trump brand he is not going to take a step down as President.\" Watch
\"@TracyLynnClark1:  @YllSadiku Mister Trump please run for president this country needs you badly and I would vote for you in a heart beat.\"
\"@Devin_Smrekar:  how much did you enjoy hosting NASCAR?\"  They are great people.
\"@YllSadiku:  Such a nice Guy. Such a perfect Leader . I want to see you in the White House !! Mr.Pesident D.Trump. Thanks
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @CahlRStorrie So true! Hope for Trump 2016.\"
\"@MrInsaf:  are you running for President? You have my vote\"
\"@KellyKoson: Why do people think that  is going to run for president in 2016?\"Because the country is a total mess right now
\"@GhostOfXerxes:  We need you to bring common sense to Washington DC...in 2016, the White House gets \"Trumped\"!
\"@iamnextroom:  I decided that I'll choose to live in the US when you are the president.\"  Good choice!
\"@grammasu52: PLZ Mr. Trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! How many more lies does #America have to listen to?\"
\"@montanawoman56:  I bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer, great results.\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  IS A WINNER, THAT'S WHY HE WILL RUN FOR PRESIDENCY!!!!!!! #Trump2016 FOR SURE!!!!\"
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
\"@CahlRStorrie: I follow  because he's a great entrepreneur. Can't get better than him.\" Thanks!
\"@dudum234:  @DrDardano @TrumpLasVegas Donald, you are my model in life since I first saw you (I was14 years then). RESPECT!
\"@russiannavyblog:  @dr_rita39 I follow Mr. Trump in a crusade to get him to restore Western Civilization with a Trump/Palin '16 ticket!\"
\"@billf227:  @dr_rita39 there are a multitude of reasons to follow Mr Trump...Great American\"  Thank you!
\"@dr_rita39: . I merely follow Mr Trump because he is a fascinating observation of power.\"
\"@futureicon: @pinksugar61 Obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by \"
\"@DrDardano:  @TrumpLasVegas great stay. It's the place to be in #vegas Thanks for the #upgrade. 5A9lUScaQS\"
\"@toneantone96:  The reason why I love You so much is because of how compassionate You are not because of who You are.
\"@uf9606084212012: In  we trust. Please run, save us - it's time\"
\"@KidWithDream:  I don't usually shop at @Macy's, but The Donald Trump Collection is amazing!\" Thank you!
\"@AgoraIndex: “: “Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka”\"
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
\"@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president \"
\"@JackWitty:  @sidelinesev ~Nice view. But BETTER ONE would be You sitting in the Oval Office.
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  IS A REAL AMERICAN AND HE KNOWS WHAT WE WANT. #PresidentTrump2016\"
\"@lp084:  Gosh you're an early riser. Is that why you get a lot done?\" It helps!
.@aaronschock  Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
\"@ronmeier123: January 20th 2017 will be a Victorious Day in America MR. TRUMP if you run! For you will be sworn in as the 45th PRESIDENT!\"
\"@PInnaurato: I have so much respect for  he took down Rosie. #revisitingthefight\"
\"@sidelinesev:  best view in Chicago tonight Qp44SonDNe\"
\"@sev_enteen: Please run for president . This country needs you!\"  Thanks!
\"@kornegay_danna: @spicedevilz Mr. Trump, you're a nice looking gentleman, period. I think you look nice, hair and all. Ignore the jealous\"
\"@Jdougherty3: Boys in the hood call me the black Donald Trump.\" Great!
\"@HighEnd_Gear: #Amazon USA : Time to Get Tough: Making America #1 Again by Donald Trump IkmqEQz4ef #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@PGA_com: The DonaldTrump ; sites of his 5 career holes in one. (4 sites, btw). #PGA14Annual atq1lgZRoh 4iFRhM0A3k\"
\"@tvtagWWE: Triple H aka Donald Trump. #SmackDown #yourefired K8LjoG0tBx\"
\"@spicedevilz:  How did you keep your hair looking good over the decades?\" Wow, one of the few nice comments about my hair!
\"@Nehemiah_israel:  Are u running for president in 2016 or not?\"  We will soon see!
\"@ColinMeeks: I would love to see  on @ABCSharkTank Any shot of that???\" Thanks, but the Apprentice starts on Jan 4.
\"@TMSGPGA: The Donald preaches on golfs economic impact in US... Let's tell this story! #pga14annual @pgaofamerica 6oDJxrvRZn\"
\"@annaliotta: 28.6 M non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. The highest interest being expressed by #Millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga
\"@gsurrette: Listening to  present @pgaofamerica annual meeting. Great information great speaker#pga gvNjdqRXF9\"
\"@ScottSummerHall  just stayed in Trump Chicago....by far the nicest hotel in Chicago. Absolutely amazing job!\" Great, thx.
Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned ; well-deserved. A great guy.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
Trump Tower Punta del Este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. On the sands of Playa Brava R3VflG2AVh
“Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.” – Albert Einstein
Via @Suntimes’ @CSTearlyoften by @FSPIELMAN: “Council sign rules mean Trump name will loom large on river”\n  dcOC00h5Ul
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
With multiple space options, @TrumpChicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding\n  awVySScDfr
Awarded 5 stars from @ForbesInspector, @TrumpTO offers 261 rooms ; 115 suites in the center of downtown Toronto SyCxJRp5aO
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
.@BlairKamin Sorry sucker, as usual you lose again. You couldn't work for me for 10 seconds. Bad critic-- great sign. 3uSYL9qR3U
New York City’s iconic architectural masterpiece @TrumpTowerNY houses prime commercial, residential ; retail space eDK291RdmF
I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
“Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold Palmer
\"The Trumping of Turnberry\" via Links Magazine @TrumpTurnberry  4k5uB6gyn2
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit ; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry  zaq31Ckd5f
\"@jakemurray_32  the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
If you don’t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
WATCH – WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law L9679gtq82
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world Oa3jE1MGPq
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Via @TV3Xpose: “@IvankaTrump: Think pink in the boardroom.”\n  S9KxxEo6ae
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: J1QLSmAcKi via @UrbanDaddy cc @TrumpDoral
\"@BlakeHoagland  What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump?\" You have to be passionate about your work!
\"@RafaelMerrydel1:  can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?\"  No!
\"@nikkio: DonaldTrump @greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.\"
\"@TheRealMasonS: Protect Ya Neck. Wear  ties. 8QgA0OCEfg\"
\"@ettuandyou:  I've got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.\"
\"@greta:DonaldTrump sent me check for $25k payable to #Tahmooressi-I forwarded check; THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind wvGelWyc5w
\"@sgrifkin: DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
\"@Daniel10YNWA:  you're the man Mr. Trump\"
\"@joblink31:  Trump is so important, that every time he's makes a decision, it's good for the economy .\"
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming \"stuff\" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
The #WomenWhoWork campaign from @IvankaTrump  vsAAiOXHIe …
“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @Patriots
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research ; development. Defund, Repeal ; Replace!
“Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason.” – Trump Never Give Up
Watch – Obama in 2006: “I’ve stolen ideas from Jonathan Gruber” ObIy0a2OSy  And now Obama claims he is 'just some adviser.'
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: “Obama’s Amnesty Will Give Illegal Aliens Public Benefits”\n  mdWb8Q0Mer
Located in Central Park, the iconic @TrumpRink is NYC’s top skating rink. VIP sessions are available for booking fckfVDy07o
ICYMI, my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the GOP on ObamaCare, the new Congress ; 2016\n  tQE7wreeIS
\"@Brenoconn   just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. What a hotel !!\"  Thanks. da6TH3X5CE
Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!
Chicago, don't forget tix for @EricTrumpFdn Wine Tasting Fundraiser @TrumpChicago 11/22. Proceeds benefit @StJude wAMClvD9yq
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied ; called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
\"@ApartmentMgr  played #Doral #White on Sunday what a gorgeous course you're doing GREAT things there #Golf #Resort\" Thanks.
Looking for an excuse not to cook for Thanksgiving? Many NYC outlets will delivery a full meal, including @TrumpSoHo GdJAVmrMap
Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
“How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet” hjj179KyaR via @travelmail by @AndreaMagrath
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
Via @NewHampJournal by @jdistaso: “In NH, ‘The Donald’ hammers Mitt, Jeb as he again weighs a run for President” O7WrQlaH7I
My @WMUR9 ‘Close Up’ int. with @JoshMcElveen discussing the midterms, the new Congress, travelling to NH ; 2016 cggm7UTfep
\"@bhughes0422:  @foxandfriends you have my support..... 100% I hope you run 2016\"
\"@ronmeier123: @foxandfriends You are exactly what America needs going forward! MR. TRUMP for President in 2016 is a SMART BET!
\"@DavidBougs:  @foxandfriends You'd be a winning candidate for an America starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run!\"
I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!
\"@greggory_mc:  @miorlano_14 I truly hope Trump runs ! It would be simply fantastic ! Do it DT - do it Plz .\"
\"@MTRisner @foxandfriends Looking forward to it.You need a permanent position there.\"  They would like that big league - but I have no time!
\"@miorlano_14: If Donald Trump ran for president, i would vote for him in a heartbeat.\"
\"@kalevans:  so much for Al Gores theory??? #trump2016\"
\"@NewCongress4NE:  @foxandfriends RUN DONALD RUN\"
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber (\"Americans are stupid\") ; exec order
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
\"@OneAndOnlyAkash:  You Are A Financial Genius\"   I agree, thanks!
\"@frankboesch: Sad cause my wife ; I checked out of @TrumpDoral today after 4 amazing days. Happy cause we're planning our return visit!\"
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
\"@KMacG1: Lovely lunch today  @TurnberryBuzz fantastic hotel #Ayrshire #eat scottish\" Thank you!
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
Via @necn by @KatherineNECN: “Trump Waiting to See Who Runs in 2016”\n  3lCd80NKFt
“Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka
“@TrumpFerryPoint  A Brand New Championship Golf Course In NYC Developed By Donald Trump- And Anyone Can Play It” jDzgmlPMdC
\"@GolfSwingShirt @frgelfant @StFinbarBklyn Donald..I met your dad when I was in college..very nice guy, humble and unassuming.\" True, thx.
“Donald Trump pledges to make Prestwick Airport 'really successful'”\n  JZ1dnBqwV1 via @STVNews
#TrumpAdvice U83aDNTVVP
\"@ryan5240 after playing the new course in Aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to Turnberry for a birthday present on Monday\" Great!
\"@Barlow260 @TrumpTurnberry is a great place. I just spent the weekend there ; the place, golf and staff were excellent  10 out of 10\" Thx!
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberry
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire ; speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew ; the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
Via @ConMonitorNews by @CMonitor_JVF: \"Donald Trump guest speaker at event honoring James Foley\" z8ny5XAhly
Via Union Leader: \"Trump leads tribute for slain journalist James Foley | New Hampshire First Amendment Awards\"\n  yIqndlSlSF
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump ; Mr. Iain Cochrane 9Sq7vCBl5O
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral for being named one of @LINKSMagazine's Great Destinations: 2amXtgXTwQ
Congrats @Jean_GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! 4CAyCgeHlR
\"@pathintel: @ICSC NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by  | Cn5g4xyage\"
\"@LoisWeiss:  Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi PZvrzXpFyP via @po_st\" Thank you Lois!
\"@JackieKarlsen: Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi zBjOWBIJva  Thank you! #MarineFreed\"
\"@DorianHoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @Po_st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!\"
\"@SellPuts: ! Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @eaterchicago Eater Awards QmKwce7ifG”\"
\"@JimDBenson:  Great point on the Obamacare site…Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!\"
\"@NStaicer:  visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!\"
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @EaterChicago Annual Eater Awards- Vote now! QmKwce7ifG
“If you can accept losing, you can't win.” - Vince Lombardi
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.
Via @DMRegister:  “@ShawnJohnson returns to reality TV with Donald Trump”\n  raNoTNeMxH
My @greta int. discussing $25,000 gift to USMC Tahmooressi, Obama’s trip to China ; the 2014 election results qOhrBhgvxW
Via @PJMedia_com by @NicholasBallasy: “Trump Calls Election a ‘Big Blow to Obama… I Think He’s in Denial’” UU74swYP3d
Exceptional dining matched with exceptional views, @Trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options pwsw51dqMW
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein
Congratulations to @NHGOP ; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House ; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
Happy 5th Anniversary to @TrumpWaikiki&lt;Lu0Heblb0W&gt;! Can't believe it's already been 5 years..
Each and every new event space at @TrumpDoral looks stunning. See the transformation for yourself: G6G101t3kF
\"@AMCaristi:  @USNewsTravel @TrumpChicago I am ready to stay at ANY Trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel\"
\"@brandoacovski:  for president!!!!\"
\"@gfmete:  @USNewsTravel @TrumpNewYork Trump Tower in Toronto still the best!\"
\"@USNewsTravel: .@TrumpChicago's location ; modern rooms make visitors feel like they're livin' the good life: QK8bsIVi9l\"
\"@USNewsTravel: A spacious hotel room is a rarity in NYC. Just one of the perks of staying @TrumpNewYork: etSU8YJ8z0 #dailydigs\"
\"@USNewsTravel: This @TrumpCollection hotel trumps many Honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service + beautiful setting.
\"@woofeous:   @foxandfriends Donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought ; he doesn't \"carry water\" for anyone\"
Via @USNewsTravel: “Best New York City Hotels: @TrumpNewYork” 9Gc3oX3oy6
\"@ScottJamesWard:  haha I don't even live in America but it would be awesome to see you president lol.\"
\"@C_ROB_33:  for president 2016\"
\"@RSmithInc:  @hillarysusans @IvankaTrump As long as Ivanka is involved in his cabinet I'm in. #smartwomen\"
\"@BoogBannon: All about trump for president \"
\"@spikesurge83:  if you run you have my vote on top of that Rand Paul gets to be vice president\"
\"@FuctChecker: We need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and more \" True!
\"@hillarysusans: @IvankaTrump Your dad is awesome. He should run for President. He could raise the country like he raised his kids and WOW.\"
\"@hillarysusans: Children not spoiled celebrities. Who did something right? You did! No entitlement mentality. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@yurdreamwoman  @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house
\"@lucasflavin: One of my goals in life is to eventually do business with \"
\"@foxandfriends: 'Trumping' the competition!Every midterm candidate with  robocall won. #Election2014 28ZPqrn6Zm
\"@lovemactrublue:  @foxandfriends Love u on @foxandfriends. You always make me smile.\"
\"@huicho52:  enjoy dear Donald,,,,,,you are the maximum expression of real generosity\"
.@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!
\"@damonsdavis: If Ronald Reagan and JFK were alive, they'd both be voting  for President!\"
\"@Rebel1941:  @foxandfriends great\"
\"@DianaShane4Ever:  Donald Trump is self-made, which gives him lots above other candidates, plus obviously a great president
\"@mountainstate82:  Donald, make 2016 happen. Let's do business with countries of financial interest, no more aid on demand.
@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!
\"@IanAnderson13: If  ran for President i would vote for him!\"
\"@REALmikeedwards:  big fan, run for prez PLEASE\"
\"@BethAndersonEsq:My 1st time staying at a Trump resort was awesome! Thanks for such impeccable service! #TrumpMiami WsZIIBfr3Y\"
\"@dogart2:  PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT. SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
\"@domjoly:  @foxandfriends excellent- we'll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you're the go-to-guy for sense..\"
\"@cfogarty1964: #TP tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a TP\"
\"@michell07677681:  @foxandfriends please run for president!\"
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
\"@Jacquel80505769:  I am from Jackson,Kentucky and we need you for President Mr. Trump,,\"  I agree, thanks.
\"@lspaggs:  Definitely the star of Chicago's skyline show! Loved visiting from Toronto! zIIaZeAXOx\"
\"@diegoJovelar:  for president 2016\"
\"@Audrasa74: \"@can_U_see_2020:  \"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  IS THE MAN WE NEED COME 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!!!!! #TrumpForPresident!!!!\"
\"@maxtucci: Dec 11 @ucfoundation will honor me for my #philanthropic efforts at DonaldTrump's home #Autism Awareness euMSpXqXVl
\"@dj_dwain:  please run Mr. Trump. If anyone can save this country, it is you sir.\"
\"@IvoryRymes:  Please run, The American ppl need you!\"
\"@JenniferALarson: I think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop #touristinmyownbackyard #chicago aw1aNR69SM\"
\"@ToddRiddolls:  whether you run or not,you play one hell of a chess game !! #LIFE\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run ELuuxqrCF4\"
\"@espn: The  + @FrankCaliendo impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold. rtcowfJXQ2\"
\"@hollyrpeete: So funny. \"@espn: The  + @FrankCaliendo impersonating Donald Trump = Radio Gold. rtcowfJXQ2\"\"
\"@JackWitty:  @Fraz_Scotcher @TrumpScotland ~If Presidential election were today,I'd vote 4 Donald Trump.
\"@MWhitehurst542:  you're my hero. Run for president.\"
\"@LinFlies:  Wow, u've attracted a lot sickos to ur Twitter acct. I suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success ; wisdom\"
\"@grantwgates: @TrumpDoral  Great couple of days at the resort. First class! #BlueMonster #TrumpDoral okCeLxNVVN
\"@nhowe: Another beautiful round at @TrumpGolfLA #golf #la thanks  HtZutAMWlH\"
\"@IlLaughs:  Yes, we could use a sharp minded man, who wants to get America back on top of the game.\"
\"@Bane1349:  @jayleespring America needs Your Leadership NOW more than ever Mr. Trump.\"
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
\"@THEPIZZAPOPO: It feels like I've been waiting for the @ApprenticeNBC FOREVER!!!!!! I'm so happy and ready for this season 
\"@ChuckNorton1: I am reading \"The Art of the Deal\" by  . I should have read it a long time ago. A must read of must reads.\"
\"@Fraz_Scotcher: @TrumpScotland  amazing day at Trump Links, course keeps getting better ; better! kmbx1KhiMG\"
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
\"@subirchowdhury: Early morning moonset in Pacific Ocean @TrumpGolfLA Trump Golf LA in Rancho Palos Verdes eq5g2ysZfR\"
\"@KellyJeanturner: @Kateplu Teen Kids News covering the red carpet at the @ApprenticeNBC  Can't wait until January! Hdx8F4oIGr”\"
\"@EWErickson @TrumpNewYork I’ve made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the Trump Hotel Central Park.  She doesn’t want to go home now.\"
\"@randalldeputy   nice feature on @MikeAndMike.  You're awesome.\"  Thanks.
\"@GropperBlotter  @FrankCaliendo impression of  is my favorite of his. Beyond funny on @MikeAndMike this morning.\"
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
\"@DerekAMartinez: #FF  Because he's a genius and always right. Enough said.\"
\"@ItsMarcela2you:  I would vote for you! You could run this country to success!\"
\"@lutherice:  you're ties are fantastic\"
\"@NeuroticKnight:  When are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? We need you!!!\"
\"@tjcnue:  @FrankCaliendo Thank you both for appearing on @MikeAndMike making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable.\"
\"@SamerTime:  ill help bring home Ohio Mr Future President\" Love it!
\"@luthrice:  you're the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez\"
\"@angstas:  @danywasking You're really on fire? Amazing. There is a god...\"
\"@leonpui_: “: \"@Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike    Run Donald, RUN! Our Nation needs you!!!!\"
\"@danywasking:  your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. ;)\" I agree!
\"@Chancesare420:  Good morning Big Guy... Here's hoping we both make a bundle of money today. : )\"
\"@spazosaurus: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike  that segment was awesome. On all sides. Great start for my day, thanks.\"
\"@BenPack3521: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo That was very well done! Thanks for a good laugh to start the day!\"
\"@ChiliDawgFan: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo Outstanding. Maybe Frank could do @criscarter80 someday. And Mr. Trump is a good sport.\"
\"@p38lightning: Awesome bit on @MikeAndMike with  and @FrankCaliendo ! Funny stuff!\"
\"@LenWDougleman:  Dear Donald, I love you success aftershave. I love to walk out of the house with the confidence that I smell of Trump.\"
\"@Moore2Donnie: @FrankCaliendo @MikeAndMike  😂😂😂\"
\"@taylorcathy834: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo love Frank he's so gooooood! what a great start on friday. Thanks!\"
\"@RealEnGenX:  @MikeAndMike @FrankCaliendo Great segment! Ty for the laughs\"
\"@kinserka:  @MikeAndMike just awesome!\"
\"@Rzangrilli: @Espngreeny  @FrankCaliendo I missed it!! 😬 when's the replay!! #epicmoments\"  9.00 a.m. ESPN.
.@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike ; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
\"@Stevenklaiber: @MikeAndMike  plus Golic apologies to Bill. Great show line up.\"
\"@robertpizorno: I really want to hear  say You're fired to Reid and Pelosi.\"
\"@HN_JAD:  - you would rock the house as Prez! #GOFORIT\"
\"@cosclubofphila:  @DashJohnston We need your kind of honesty desperately. Please get into the presidential race.\"
\"@Jonhw46:  @greta your interview was great\"
\"@HMunjal: \": \"@tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think  would be an awesome president.\"\"\"
\"@HMunjal: \": \"@heelshoops23:  you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?\"\"\"
\"@ReglarWiglar:  @heelshoops23 Trump would make a very, very good POTUS. He is really, really smart and makes great business decisions.\"
\"@Bobbyblanton1:  you're right! This country is falling apart!! We need a strong leader!! One that will take no B.S.\"
\"@Bobbyblanton1:  I believe that's you!! You'll have my family's vote should you run!!\"
\"@Grundy2:  @TrumpNationalCN played there recently and loved it. Great, fair track. Fantastic condition.\"
\"@egre_naamahah: @armand_i_am Dreams don't come true visions do,  @richardbranson are not dreamers they are visionaries,\"
\"@utbeth73: @Holly Carson..Great SG or HHS, but not presidential material. To whip this country into SHAPE, I'd vote for  \"
\"@tabletoptaylaaa: Seriously think  would be an awesome president.\"
\"@GSThomas3: DonaldTrump: last year my premiums went up 46%, this year another 220%. Clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry
\"@62jerseygirl:  @TrumpNationalCN Love to see Pine Hill, NJ, one of the finest\"
Watch this video of my wonderful golf club @TrumpNationalCN in beautiful Colts Neck,NJ- ElHmBQ30lQ
\"@heelshoops23:  you're a brilliant man always speaking of reform, why not run for pres?\"
\"@DashJohnston: You are a Great Man Mr. Trump. Your words of wisdom get me through the day. You could make our nation great again. 💗💗💗\"
\"@Irishwill1344: Babe Ruth would have hated you, you know this right?!? “You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth\"
\"@DeedeeGlaser:  @greta Donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz\"
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
Via @LuxuryDaily by Joe McCarthy: “Trump Collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for Washington debut” 26F1Xs1mML
Why did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Via @lohud  by @hoopsmbd: “Buzz builds for @TrumpFerryPoint”\nZtTtVQVsBw
My @971FMTalk int. with @DLoesch on #HandsOffMyGun, 2014 election results, stopping Obamacare, new Senate ; 2016 h9SRKPpZww
Via @usweekly: “Donald Trump Sounds Off on Joan Rivers' Death: ‘I Think The Doctors Made a Terrible Mistake’” UNIaZZtsnJ
Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, it’s time to move!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @spiccoli: “Donald Trump Taking 'Serious Look' at 2016 Presidential Run” sjFMsn3OSe
The new Congress must restore military spending ; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
@LukeBryanOnline You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
\"@cherylglitters:  you would definately have my vote!\"
\"@AngieDrue: @jimmcvey1 I hope all the R's will stay strong and stand up to O..we need closed bdrs, no common core, lower taxes for bns\"
\"@WinPropP:  Its time The world is ready for your leadership\"
\"@BobbyEllis10:  for President. Please, at least make a run for it.\"
\"@Chad_G:  #Trump4President!\"
\"@FoloAlona:  Donald Trump is ruthless. His presidency will make people sweat, but there will be real progress.\"
\"@TheRealZach49:  can't wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what Obama destroyed\"
\"@kyleraccio:  endorsed @leezeldin early on and he pulled off a real upset - Sounds like #Trump2016 just gained a few points
\"@foxesden8: 4 days till @TrumpTurnberry  YeeeHa!!!! Can't Wait!!\"
\"@ToprakTlay:  Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President.
\"@UncleBibby: @BestBergerEver  here's a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez, don trump!!! Yt2A8KTbVf\"
\"@MarkMurphy21:  looking very sharp sir #TriUMPhant eW6gmlAB3W\"
\"@alsinclair11:  should honestly be our president...\"
\"@beautifulblusky: Now that Republicans are dominating The House, all America needs now Mr. Trump is YOU for 2016 President of the USA!
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
I recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin ; @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouch
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare ; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record ; historic midterm losses. There is Hope ; Change for America.
Via @PRNewswire: \"TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION™ Announces Trump® International Hotel ; Tower Baku\" VCChcquz04
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent ; Democrat.
Via @NYDailyNews: \"Joan Rivers' last work for @ApprenticeNBC will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump\" Ry4u1O1cBH
#TrumpAdvice iqDO4rUNhN
Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! FrBfhTAUG7
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- b9E5eC9pam
.@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
\"@Mitchwa:  What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law\"
\"@mangooppl:  Which means President Trump !\"
\"@zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection \"
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
\"@RowleyRhonda:  Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail☺ #Trump2016\"
\"@MikeyJFitz: Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA\"
\"@Debralynnxx:  @STN_Entertain @GeraldoRivera @kevinjonas Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !\"
\"@Scorpiannes:  Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.\"
\"@rexhispaniae: It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love @ApprenticeNBC. I can't wait!\"
\"@wolf_grayson: Can't wait to see @GeraldoRivera on celebrity apprentice hosted by \"
\"@jennyuhas: Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks !! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@shellyshells626: I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!💯\"
\"@ktlaudy:  so when are you going to start campaigning?\"  Stay tuned!
\"@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The Art of the Deal by . Can't wait to read it👍👍\"  Great.
.@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
\"@BeetaBenjy:  destroying @BarackObama as only he can: nqf6LxOJQC #Israel\"
\"@shellyshells626:  @BrielleZolciak I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah\"
\"@can_U_see_2020: \": \"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016\"\"\"
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
\"@STN_Entertain  ’s new Celebrity Apprentice will have @GeraldoRivera, @kevinjonas and Kate Gosselin— ripm2rInCR
\"@SeattleSeahack: If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote \"Trump Decides\" on all the initiatives.\"
\"@kymwharton:  can't wait for The Apprentice to be back #favshow\"
\"@DaniellefromNH:  @00RSTW00 with #joanrivers hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks \"
\"@mariadomenique9:  umm when does #CelebrityApprentice start?! My girl Vivica A Fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!\"
\"@PuNiShMeNt75:  Grab your popcorn, because T.O. is on The Celebrity Apprentice in 2 months.\"
\"@BrielleZolciak:  what do I have to do to get u to run for president #byeobama\" Just hang in there!
\"@00RSTW00: Most brilliant casting in the history of TV: Gilbert Gottfried on Celebrity Apprentice. \"
\"@MrScottMurray: Hey , I'm very excited to hear we're getting #TheCelebrityApprentice back on TV in just 2 months!\"
Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This season’s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises ; great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Via @todayshow by @ReeHines: “Donald Trump reveals new @ApprenticeNBC cast, talks Joan Rivers' role on show” o4hF7E3HMr
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped ; all the other lies.
@ThomTillis, you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: GOP on Edge of Winning 'Big' and Forcing Obama to Act” 2w8i6wYxTg
Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive ; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
My @todayshow int. with @MLauer announcing the January 4th premiere ; cast of the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC\no4hF7E3HMr
Photos from the @ApprenticeNBC press conference- IPsMY8Jsx1. Premieres January 4th on @NBC.
Watch to see the new cast of @ApprenticeNBC- gWJFeZeAwz
\"@JUrciuoli19: @getjohnkelly  Apprentice is awesome\"
\"@GolfLetsGo:  Trump National Palos Verdes... #golfgem #golfletsgo #golf Hm8UTom8HV\"
\"@austin_noah530: Just bought  The Art of The Deal. Can't wait to read this 👌\" Great!
\"@leksi0731: If  ran for president he would have my vote!\"
#TrumpAdvice BRQal0Yfg8
Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend.
Via @DailyCaller @NeilMunroDC: “Obama’s Border Policy Fueled Epidemic, Evidence Shows” ehZ1fSF7mr
Via @Newsmax_Media: “@RepMattSalmon: Obama 'Didn't Lift a Finger' to Help Free Marine in Mexican Prison” Ia5PT3IKYC
\"@BaglanHIlls  Going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! Which one would you recommend? #TRUMP\" Start with The Art of the Deal.
A Veteran ; true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
The prestigious 800-acre @TrumpDoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 Star restaurants  E2BnVQeO0M
Via @haaretzcom: “Donald Trump calls Obama Israel's greatest enemy” ySumv5Xpn8
Via @BreitbartNews by @IanHanchett: “Trump: Obama ‘Treats Our Known Enemies Much Better’ Than Israel”\n  pa4pWF2ceg
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring ; Turnberry plans.
\"@emilyplacido @hotter_hodder My husband was upset. Trump ties ; shirts nowhere to be found i our local Macys!\" Go to GuI1TW9HsE
\"@Jennifer75AR:  Awesome job as always! I love hearing what you have to say every week! #Trump2016\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA:  @foxandfriends WHEW!!! The week is never the same if you don't do Mondays Donald!\"
\"@ronmeier123:  @foxandfriends Won't miss it! Don't hold back, say it like it is! Have a Great Day MR. Trump!\"
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
\"@joelivan2:  @MattGinellaGC @GolfChannel Blue Monster! The best course in south Florida\"
\"@StevenQRMTL: Great vibe @rebar @TrumpChicago 0AuXm3mkpR\"
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
\"@CRinQC: Hates military. Tues, remember how pres hasn't lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. Only wants illegals to cross border.\"
\"@PGWELLMAN: You have influenced me to become an entrepreneur, I am still preparing my business plan. You're a good man, and thank you.\"
\"@DCBelleonWheels:  gets it right: ioBcoP8v0c\"
\"@hotter_hodder: I added two new  ties to my collection\"  At Macy's, thanks.
\"@seyjohnny: Obama traded 5 low life's from Gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter, but did nothing for the soldier in Mexico\"
\"@Paulyp94: Learning from THE man  yahdnd4Xyz\"  Thank you.
\"@AdverTina:  RU at @TrumpChicago watching #NikWalenda #SkyscraperLive ?\"
\"@welshIV:  @MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive Our work group played The Doral last February. It is a magnificent course!\"Thanks
\"@Nardokids:I believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of Mexico. As the Mom of an Airman I thank you for your efforts.Thanks
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
\"Michelle Nunn will be a rubber stamp for Barack Obama.\" - @Perduesenate. GOTV for David this Tuesday!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
\"@FRESHMIGZZ:  for president #Trump2016 #ibelieve\"
\"@PropertyJustice: @Jackshallis Strange how Obama was such a great speaker before his election ; simply carried on only speaking ; no doing.
\"@joeynemati:  President Trump has a nice ring to it.\"
\"@akhan_15:  I'm currently 16 years old. I'll be eligible to vote next election. Fix Obama's mess and run. You have my vote! #Trump2016\"
\"@CahlRStorrie: After watching @hannityshow w/  on it, made me realise how good a president Trump will make #Trump2016\"
\"@Jackshallis: Donald trump for president \"
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  IF YOU RUN FOR PRESIDENCY, MY VOTE IS GUARANTEED TO YOU!!!! #Trump2016!!!\"
\"@patrickmaser:  thank you for Being a Great example of America Success story !!!\" Thank you, so nice.
\"@r_ieysg: @JudgeJeanine , I know a lot of people don't like listening to him but he speaks the truth.\" So true!
\"@TreyCarpenter3: Just saw the  on Justice, he is probably our best chance to fix this mess BarackObama has made #Trump2016
\"@ronmeier123:  @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity @spidersteve1977 MR. Trump is a Class Act!\" THANK YOU.
\"@Chick. I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is. DonaldTrump
\"@Kev_360: @Fairbuilt @TrumpScotland  Great photo. I finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. Risk and reward.\"
\"@MarkTromBoyd: Brekkie and round of golf at the amazing @TrumpScotland course. Great facilities !
\"@puntjepunt1: @IvankaTrump @EricTrump  @TrumpGolfLinks you are from the MacLeod Clan!!!! NO KIDDING AMAZING!\"
\"@loubie126:  @RowleyRhonda I echo these words...RUN for the presidency!\"
\"@iadoreem:  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews You were great Donald!\"
\"@MarybethCostell:  PLEASE save our country, we NEED YOU AS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT.
\"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, possibly by the hours, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE run for president! #Trump2016\"
\"@kaiame: RT @eurgolf Beautiful vista over 18th hole at @TrumpScotland at Menie Estate. DonaldTrump #golf #Scotland Q6oQdAdiis
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
\"@TpartyAnita:  @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews I adore them both!!!!!!!!!!\"
\"@shawnrss:  @avellacompany1 Trump, we are all serious, you better be President friend.\"
\"@BestMJPics: Michael Jackson with Donald Trump #BestMJPics ZqzYHPWw4r\"
.@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
\"@avellacompany1:  the best\" Thanks.
\"@sandihill29: @JudgeJeanine  @FoxNews I watch your SHOW every sat nite!! Love YOU n show. Love  TOO\"
\"@JudgeJeanine: THE  arrives for #Justice interview. Catch it tonight on @FoxNews! KrcPux2UbM\"
\"@joepilot56:  @spidersteve1977 @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity Only better!\" Thanks.
\"@KaelaDianne97:  please run for office. We can't have Hillary running this country even MORE downhill! We need a leader!\"
\"@bid2buy: When it takes this long to get a Marine back from a country where Americans vacation something is wrong.  #Marine
\"@spidersteve1977:  @ronmeier123 @FoxNews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity bet trump would be like reagan all over again!\" Nice!
\"@kawaiibitchx: \"@PolitiGal2012: American RT @kawaiibitchx: I want America to be the nation it once was #TrumpForPresident\" AMERICA\"
\"@zfry007:  run for office!\"
\"@ScottSolinger: Thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed Marine Tahmooressi. Pathetic it didn't happen sooner.\"
\"@bjones112892:  is who my vote will go to#trumpforpresident\"
\"@Tmezzy20:  Mr. Trump for PRESIDENT\"
\"@_Doelicious: Save America! Vote for  #2016 !\"
\"@Jennifer75AR:  Amen, Mr Trump! Run for President. We need a strong leader!\" Stay tuned!
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!
\"@TLCr2: @jennyapples  @cnnbrk @CNN no thanks to obama\"
\"@Gregory_Gains:  The world needs a strong US President, I think Mr. Trump would do great. Thank you.
\"@skpip: Donald, you have given me some hope for this country. Maybe someone will help those of us on Disability find a job we want to work\"
\"@Real_Mr_Sciales:  pretty much saved a U.S. Marine from a Mexican prison on his own... Where was Obama on this one?\" Thanks
\"@Republican81: How does Mr. Trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? Move along ignorant uneducated punks .\"
\"@stmarie:  Sick!!! This country is going to shit! We need real people to run this country. So get moving!\"
\"@Stay_on_Green: Andrew Tahmooressi has been freed by Mexico. Obama didn't do anything. But I think that  did.
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
\"@habsfan80743103:  Canada to ban travel to Ebola hotspots Rkeju1ZKFc\"
\"@NadiaAlGhamri:  Mr. Trump , I think you are a great businessman. We would all love to read some business tips from you.
\"@DubC_Smitty:I don't know that much about Vladimir Putin,but I do know he's a black belt and he's real. DonaldTrump is a figure of strength
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi
\"The Art of the Deal\" = #1 business book. Over 3 million copies sold. Forbes Article from Oct. 20, 2014. OktCSRX6dq
70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama’s deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views 1RErEVe10z
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
#FlashbackFriday @kimkardashian on the set of @ApprenticeNBC YGC2s6wyGE
Awarded both @ForbesInspector Five-Star ; @AAAFiveDiamond ratings, @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is fantastic. 8CK5Pcdfsf
\"@carguy_95 Have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful?\" Think Like a Champion is a good start
Happy Halloween! FGwbbjK21A
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa at Trump® offers 12 treatment rooms ; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the Chicago skyline sGnOJxn56s
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein
\"@ronmeier123  @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity You can't make a leader, Mr. Trump was born a LEADER!\" Thank you.
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left. YTJPbPYdEp
\"@EWErickson Taking my 9yo to NYC next week for a father-daughter trip. I will take her to see Trump Tower.  Architecture done right.\"  Thx
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling ; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote @DanSullivan2014!
My @NewsRadio610 int. w/@JackHeathRadio discussing Nickey S. Loeb 1st Amendment Awards Dinner ; @SenScottBrown\n  rgOH8KQ45h
Sitting at the foot of the Whitestone Bridge, @TrumpFerryPoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course go0LZNiR0T
Via @golf_com by @joepassov: “@TrumpFerryPoint Will Be One of Nation's Best Public Courses” \n  5Nh6c4ev9D
Chinese oil trader just bought “record number” of Mideast crude ocwvpfElji  China gains while we fight ISIS. What are we doing?
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump” AFxKhHrpSM
Via @Investopedia by @swan_investor: \"The Irreplaceable Brand Of Donald Trump\" Q1YkBlklT4
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse! qDU7XPOCQ0
“No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn
\"@traciotake:  @kerrygold1914 @FoxNews @seanhannity If Trump runs in 2016, I'd vote for him!\"
\"@JeffreyGuterman: Years ago T said if US removed Saddam Hussein from Iraq, somebody worse would replace him. He was right about that: #ISIS
\"@kerrygold1914:  @FoxNews @seanhannity Trump would run the USA with heart .Trump is right about Mitt.
\"@kerrygold1914: @FoxNews @seanhannity great interview, yeah Trump said Iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right\"
\"@ronmeier123: You were RIGHT as usual Mr. Trump! You called for Madison Bumgarner after game 6 and Giants are now World Champs!\"
\"@MichelleOH: Reading  tweets is my guilty pleasure.\"
\"@golf_com: .@DonaldTrump's Ferry Point in NYC will be one of the best public courses in the U.S., says @joepassov. MZK5MXOQo6\"
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel ; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. gayZAy2852
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu \"chickenshit.\" Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
“Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It,' Shouldn't Run Again” fjpKdgrpXu via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew
Via @Newsmax_Media by @JAGERFILE: “Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight”\n  NlGdtDQdby
“Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’”\n  7LcuB3L7RA  via @breitbarttv
Via @MailOnline @dmartosko \"Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone\" 0QS4HB7pS6
My @FoxNews interview @seanhannity discussing Obama’s failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms ; 2016 7h0CBtkocf
Via @HPCaTravel by @alau2: “Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump” MPjhhJ6ern
\"@Lps320P @TrumpDoral  Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life!\" Great and thanks.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
\"@steeldestroyer:  I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.\"
\"@thatkidArob:  no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. #trump4potus\"
\"@Tradingforex24: In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump\"
\"@libertyladyusa: I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again. #Hannity\"
\"@B_Thornton66: If you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! You're what this country needs! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016\"
\"@JaronAnthony: Great interview tonight  . #Trump2016\"
\"@TheRealPWeight: You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.\"
\"@michelledivv: Donald Trump for president 🇺🇸 \"
\"@TroopsDirect: @seanhannity  he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran.\" Wow, thank you!
\"@KauaiNj:  Most of us know you would run the US with heart. @seanhannity\"  So true!
\"@kalevans:  great interview on @seanhannity, I agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #Trump2016\"
\"@cindylestrada: @seanhannity  good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.\"
\"@BohanMewbohan: @seanhannity  I would vote for #Trump for #President any year.\"
\"@talkradio200: @asthegirlturns #Hannity should be having  on (more)!
\"@bahia6085:  Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president?\" He wouldn't!
\"@r_ieysg: @seanhannity , great guest to have on your show.\"
\"@MaiNu586: #hannity  You, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.\"
\"@GrassrootTroopr:  Best episode of #Hannity I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!\"
\"@KauaiNj: @seanhannity Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo ; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.\"
\"@Jeanee31: @seanhannity Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome\"
\"@BallStateCT: I tweet about sports,but if  would run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired
\"@socalmike_SD:  @seanhannity @FoxNews Nice segment sir....\"
\"@MOUDALENA:  @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER \" Thank you.
\"@MOUDALENA:  @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER \"
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare ; now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!
“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorre
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
The perfect getaway, @Trump_Ireland is Europe's most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury 55F5MAd5wu
A 34 story luxury highrise, @TrumpParc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space ek4WG14F5Y
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases ; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care ; job losses.
\"@LeRoyal_Pegasus: “Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser.” ― \"
\"@JamesDriscolli: Definitely true #success  Lm1r0Chn2z\"
\"@fapyvaquzoci: Enough politicians! We need a business man to get this country back on track!  for Prez 2016!\"
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
With our $250M in renovations, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection 6fYg5yyoym
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
.@Jetsetterdotcom in Hong Kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of New York City, including @TrumpSoHo BViQaP1MLY
Thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the Ocean View Suite @Trump_Ireland as one of your top 10 suites wAKFBJu2hK
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
\"@TreeSappp:  Helluva job Donald I expected nothing less. Speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct.\"
\"@dj_dwain:  Mr. Trump. I truly enjoy your insite and opinions. Please run for President, the USA needs your leadership.\"
\"@SouthernLady551:  Thank you for reminding everyone we need to #BringBackOurMarine. #MilitaryMonday\"
\"@its_a_mum_thing:  @foxandfriends totally agree.\"
\"@xoxo_La_La_xoxo:  #Trump4President ##Trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good\"
\"@moose_taz:  @foxandfriends Income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of America yep this is Obama America sad\"
\"@GrandmaNYCA:  Thanks for speaking up for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi on @foxandfriends this morning. @FreeTheMarine\"
\"@bunnypiper:  right on!!\"
\"@Kathzeh:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning!!!\"
\"@suelordbiz: Great job on Fox ; Friends this a.m.; have a great week! Thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border!\"
\"@Theramenes: @foxandfriends  Good job  for not being afraid to speak truth, that is what people need to hear is truth.\"
\"@SFC17972:  on point as always!\"
\"@moose_taz: @foxandfriends  1000% right about Mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process God can't we wake up.
\"@katlynne1994:  @foxandfriends Power to this man!! He cares about this country\"
\"@JAdamsEden:  Articulate ; concise as ever, leave it to Trump to identify the clear ; present economic enemy;-MEXICO!\"
Fox ; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
\"@REALNickVenti: I'd vote for  way before I'd vote for Hillary.\" Great!
\"@TheBingle:  @RiannaRichards Donald Trump said that before \"the virus' made it to U.S.\" That's what I do!
\"@MelanyAlVilla:  you are my role model👌 such an amazing man.\" Thank you.
\"@RiannaRichards: This is why I agree with Donald Trump: They should ban flights from #Ebola infected countries from entering the U.S.\"
\"@tylerrice199: @mike_riccardi  easily, he is one of the most intelligent among America. He would win over Hilary\"  THANKS!
\"@ZackKeighron:  should run for president\"
\"@pellscuse11:  Did Hillary really say Businesses don't create jobs?! #Trump2016\"
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting ; boring!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
\"@mickeybeaupre:  I wish you would run For President Mr Trump we need you God Bless you.\"
\"@Gam: BarackObama as one of your employers.. Are you really just turning your back on Isreal??  Trump for #President I'm rdy 4 change.\"
\"@catpenis:  I respect your integrity sir. Rock on.\"
\"@HommerGSimpson:  Please Please think about running in 2016\"
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Saudis just cut oil supply,making prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting ISIS for them 16ewj1tSnK What are we doing!
Kay Hagan profited off of the stimulus.She just skipped a debate. Kay supports amnesty, weak border ; bmsggfBM8p @ThomTillis!
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border ; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!
Via @BreitbartNews by @j_strong: “Obama Administration Quietly Prepares ‘Surge of Millions’ of New Immigrant Ids” SIOY6r3REc
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed! gCUgltxyzn
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
\"@JBFanSince2005: I LOVE U  ☝✌👍 zqpZxPuw6c\"
\"@NICKJOHNS0N:  is my idol\"
\"@misskweenbree:  Run for President!
\"@BBCoachKK:  Oh Donald! I love you!\"
\"@ItBegins2012:  Trump, you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so\"
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people ; resign!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
Opening for the 2014 season soon, the National Register landmark Mar-a-Lago Club is the crown jewel of Palm Beach Oa3jE1v5Hm
The pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific Ocean in Palos Verdes YAmDub52wO
Celebrate Thanksgiving @TrumpNewYork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th Annual @Macys Thanksgiving Parade®  ThSm1JfoPY
\"@AndyJackson3212:  @MELANIATRUMP ,Very cool, I love NYC\"
\"@iadoreem:  @MELANIATRUMP She would make a beautiful First Lady\"  So true!
\"@sleuthjen:  if you had one piece of advice for Obama what would it be?\" To resign from office!
\"@MasterBaxter8: We desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. Dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable.\"
\"@FreidaWashingt: : I saw the ground breaking ceremony for your DC building. It was you and Ivanka.\"
\"@PrincessDaytura:  @Jennifer75AR lets do this!!! Trump for president @IvankaTrump @DonaldTrump1946\"
\"@_marryyy:  MY FIRST EVER OPPORTUNITY TO VOTE NEEDS TO BE A VOTE FOR U!!! Runnnnnn\"
\"@REALtesswilson:  is the smartest businessman in America\"  Thank you.
\"@Jennifer75AR:  Run for president, DT! Save us! I know you can!\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: #RIPOscarDeLaRenta One of the greatest fashion designers of all time. JeyTgmUKN2\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: My husband honored by the Wharton School of Finance. The Joseph Wharton Award. Congratulations!. 👏 r20SWDLMOL\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: Good night Washington D.C. 🇺🇸 cS2XfGVjnH\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: ✈️ Washington DC ➡️ NYC 🗽 zr1my5Vprh\"
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
\"@not_that_a  Wearing a Trump tie doesn't make you as smart a businessman as Trump, but it does make you look smart\" @Macy's
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! uCL9A7TwnQ
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry ; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer ; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Via @Mediaite by @evanmcmurry: “Trump Calls @AGSchneiderman a Cokehead” za3cNMqImo Schneiderman is by his own admission!
Congratulations to @DLoesch on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out @TheBlazeBooks excerpt FY5VQ450oT
Via @reviewjournal “Event offers glimpse of Trump high life” by Holly Ivy Dore GJDZzWnYdn  Great interview @EricTrump!
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector ; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. OPG2R2ytkr
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
#TrumpVlog South African justice- LWpPK6oSNL
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino ; the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
\"@rrogers19: Please save this country. \"
\"@BeyerTristen:  A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country 👍\"
\"@alyssatomazin44:  seriously needs to run for president🙌🙏\"
\"@Electric988: A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016\"
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the \"gang that couldn't shoot straight.\" Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US ; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton
\"@northcutt2013:  @mrkenbutler no, he can't and will not run. Great man yes, not worth the mud slinging\" Don't be so sure!
\"@bvlphonso: #Trump2016 \"
\"@mrkenbutler:  Donald, You are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course Obama has us on. Please run in 2016!\"
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
\"@Burge: DonaldTrump needs to run America like a business. Do the dirty work that we don't need to hear about. Make this country right again
\"@nikkio: DonaldTrump:  Only way to get Obama to do right for our Marine would be for every country club across USA to deny him golf access
\"@HabsHappy: Starting 2believe Ujust may want 2run for Presidency after-all. Uknow what they say 'Reach For The 50 Stars' We Need CHANGE\"
\"@slisk2:  What we need is real CHANGE. What we need is Donald Trump #DonaldTrumpForPresident\"
\"@InsideCableNews @FTVLive Dream on. You have a better chance of Time Warner dumping Jeff Zucker than you do the media ignoring Donald Trump
\"@evelynairey:  @seanhannity I wish Donald Trump would run for President\"
\"@BKofLeader: UFs4yoAsSm This is a must read for Donald Trump fans! He tells you how the real estate ... pPWIubpMlS\"
\"@Amber_Sadler22: Donald Trump and Mitt Romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history\" No, bad chemistry - I like winning!
\"@ashleymarie938: \": \"@AwakKeNTV:  Donald Trump for president! please save us man\"\" omg yes bro!\"
\"@midlandmainline @DMRegister Who else is as qualified as the Donald, it needs a man who makes thing happen there's only one - Donald Trump\"
\"@mrinho1: @Orbitz  @TrumpWaikiki Looks like my kind of place D. Trump. You are the man my friend\"  Thanks, a great hotel.
\"@PeteDicenSO:  we need you in the White House!!!!! #Trump2016\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@MarlenaWells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports It needs  magic touch.\"  So true, what a mess!
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Via @scj by @rodboshart: “Trump: Next president has to be 'great one'” \nxcJdK5YenE
Via @DMRegister by @SharynJackson: “Trump: @SteveKingIA has 'the right views'\" LnDC52GfKD
ICYMI, you can watch my full press conference with @SteveKingIA on @shanevanderhart’s @CaffThoughts pVfBeym0av
Via @DMRegister by @KObradovich: “Donald Trump: Next president needs to be ‘a great one’” DINxhaeQpU
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence ; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
It’s been stated that dopey NY @AGSchneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator.  WfuJ9EW6HP
\"@timessquarehero:  Please let Donnie, Eric and Ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry\"
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
\"@gregazar:  \"Donald Trump Calls Out Obama\" Thank you for calling out this idiot!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ:  #PresidentTrump2016 FOR SURE!\"
\"@StephanieWei:  playing Trump Ferry Point this morning! Looking forward to it. Have a great time!
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
\"@Jennifer75AR:  Great interview, DT! Can't wait for next week! Run for President! #Trump2016\"
\"@YankeeRunner: I love Mon Mornings when T is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is;dispel another wk of Obama Lies
\"@AwakKeNTV:  Donald Trump for president! please save us man\"
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be \"less safe\" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the \"Ebola Czar,\" just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
\"@johnnydollar01: And people zinged Donald Trump for talking about Ebola. How is this Klain guy any more qualified?\"Actually, less qualified
\"@Mediaite: Piers Morgan Inserts Himself into Donald Trump vs. Russell Brand Feud V5jN05Hz6X (VIDEO) qt6zYxpDZJ\"
\"@AIIAmer: Famous Brit inserted himself into Russell Brand, Donald Trump feud - and chose a surprising side C6PF1K45lV #WIUNION\"
\"@DreamHouseX: Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion 😍💰 mFsuwuYCep\" Which I turned into the greatest club in the world-many jobs!
\"@EeekToys:  @katyperry   Donald is onto something here. Russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind\"
\"@BeliyWulf:  @ronmeier123 Save America, Trump\"
\"@sunglasspros:  @SteveKingIA Good job Donald! We need you to get more involved!!! Way to go!!\"
\"@ronmeier123:  I bet you never heard this before: Your Hired\"
\"@shawnrss:  @shanevanderhart I vote for Trump to make us all rich.\" Good call.
\"@scottmedlin79:  run for president. We need someone who isn't scared to make the right calls.\"
\"@shanevanderhart:   in Iowa: Next President Needs to Be Great, Not Just Good - NO8au7SydM #iagop #2016\"
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = \"COME ON IN\"
@DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” syk1ZiGn8y\"
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus ; determination. Be positive!
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump, Headed To Iowa, Says Ebola Is Further Proof Of Obama's Incompetence” syk1ZiGn8y
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue g4yNUKHUAE
\"Donald Trump Will Be on Pennsylvania Avenue in 2016 ; There’s Nothing You Can Do About It\" ENH8mefxRR by @lilsarg
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare ; is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH ; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement ; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy ; aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
Thank you Piers for the wonderful article and, also, great writing. @piersmorgan LZzoDjSIez
.@katyperry will do much better- DmHYKHOJVd
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend ; strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants.
3rd rate writer, Vicky Ward, who begged me for help- see her letters to me. PXsCUy27ax
\"@MedievalSwan:  I love you just for that tweet! @katyperry\"
\"@donchymes:  is indeed a great man,always says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored.
\"@becka_gill:  Please do our country a favor and run for President.
\"@timmmo510: @foxandfriends  said this from the beginning. Need real leadership #trump2016\"
\"@mattyms:  it's my birthday today. The best present you can give me is to be my next President.\"  Happy birthday!
\"@jimmyray1972:  Visited Doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. Really an exceptional course and resort.\"  Thanks!
\"@jameranne:  If only Donald Trump could tell uObama \"he's fired\" the world would be a happier place\"
\"@sheronsvg:  @calconroy Time to bring back \"The Apprentice\" Mr. Trump!\" The new season will be announced by NBC very soon!
\"@h5o_dano:  We are on course of imploding as the once great Roman Empire did.\"
\"@calconroy:  You, sir, are an absolute legend!\"  Wow!
\"@NewstalkFM: “I’m going to invest a lot of money in Ireland” -  tells Newstalk's @bobbykerr XsumuDPBts #ntfm\"
\"@US_progress: . for president!\"
\"@Bugsyfire:  Mr.T  You were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the Ebola virus. Not enough restrictions to get into the U.S.\"
\"@_marygirl17:  Mr Trump please run for POTUS in 2016!\"
\"@KingBronko:  Mr. Trump, please run for president in 2016! Please!\"
\"@CareyTim6: Hope  runs for President in 2016..... #Trump2016\"
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
.@katyperry  Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
Great @FOXSports art. by @jillpainter on Doc River’s annual golf charity event @TrumpGolfLA. Doc is a great friend! UC0KhcAA2R
.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
My @SteveDeaceShow interview discussing Ebola, Obama’s incompetence ; my trip to Iowa for  @SteveKingIA on Sat.  PWRusADvr3
Read about my victory against sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. More people should fight when they’re right! r1xXUORZo3
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
\"@vin7768:  is an inspirational man!!\" So nice, thanks!
\"@reidtoth:  for president\" Thank you.
\"@triplemmom:  @iamerunbe African nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist?\"
\"@PeriodPride: \"The most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up!\" ~ 
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
\"@nikkio:  Almost only counts in horse-shoes. He had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer $'s anyway?\"Fool AG
\"@DubD42:  for president! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
\"@Nicolebnagy: Donald Trump should really consider running for President. He certainly has his head on right! 
\"@mark_brown_pe: A great man once said \"Don't tell me how hard a job is going to be, tell me how hard it was, when you are finished!\"
\"@robertpatrickmc:  @TheRedDotGuy Trumps 10000% better then @MittRomney even if he's not from Utah\"
\"@TheRedDotGuy:  Republican debates would be interesting with you.\"
\"@CDLavie:  We knew he had no case against Trump U. I have no complaints about the products I bought.\"  Thanks!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,\"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS\"
\"@Fox5Kyle  @Macys Your ties are the best hands down!\"  Thank you!
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, available @Macys, offers this fall’s top styles in ties, shirts ; suits\n  hotvBijHrI
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:\nf7qvzVbXsW
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Congratulations to @David_Bossie ; his team @Citizens_United on their important court win for the First Amendment! HUF0Z0MB3V
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS”\n  soSNxLTxlw
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
Via @SteveKingIA’s Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: “Donald Trump has a special announcement!”\n  iAa0AEEhZ3
My @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa\n  jWB6i1qtHX
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business ; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit ; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
\"@CRRoussos:  You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.\"
\"@felixs: Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion\"
\"@EinsteinCassidy: Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . 3ZrzltDfGJ\"
It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare ; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster course for being named one of the 10 Toughest courses on Tour This Year IanKmlfj8P
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
\"@BobDayTGAS:  @NassarInvesting @BarackObama I would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for TRUMP!\"
\"@Are_Jay_Sea: We need DonaldTrump in the White House in 2016. Someone w/o political agenda ; who just wants to make our country great again
\"@NassarInvesting:  For President! The only fighting chance this country has left. @BarackObama hasn't done shit.\"
\"@TommyA_22:  has no filter. He says what needs to be said because no one else will say it.\"
\"@katielevan9: i love  finally someone who gets it🙌\"
\"@TheRealZach49:  please run in 2016. We can't have another Obama\"
\"@InTheElections:  China wouldn't be laughing at President Trump.\" So true!
\"@BestBergerEver: Mr  has a vlog where he says things U don't wanna hear. But I learned he speaks the truth #trump4Prez!
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
\"@HotelChatter: It's five stars for Donald Trump's Scottish hotel: xut385mufu\"
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
\"If you never want to be criticized, for goodness' sake don't do anything new.\" -- Jeff Bezos
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
Awarded 5 Stars by @VisitScotland, @TrumpScotland’s MacLeod House ; Lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece MJPYrxJm23
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S. gWiy6t8eyS
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.
Just finished reading a poorly written ; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland awarded 5 star status by Scottish Tourism chiefs. Via MailOnline RMJsc6ZoCJ
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
\"@CoxDanimal:  TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT #2016\"
\"@BestBergerEver: I agree with everything  said on @foxandfriends this morning. Put this man in the White House!
\"@YOD_Bagholders:  Trump 4 President! Close the boarders and protect our children!\"
\"@DRJAMESCABOT: Donald you're so handsome... i can speak... Paltrow loser... Trump 2016 rock n roll back in the OVAL not Paltrow\"
\"@wizkay46:  @foxandfriends salute you sir\"  Thank you.
\"@Michele_1L_:  @foxandfriends well anyway....Give em hell on the flight ban to Ebola regions.\"
\"@rojeezee:  YOU'RE SO IN DEMAND IN THE MEDIA BUT WHAT WE REALLY NEED IS YOU IN DEMAND AT THE WHITE HOUSE #DONALDFORPREZ\"
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
\"@Bettylovesdogs:  @iHunt88 never gonna happen-I'd like it too, but he won't run\" Keep watching!
\"@TaylorJeffrey1:  @iHunt88 Yes, please do, we need somebody with a head on their shoulders ; knows how to use it\"
\"@M_Forese:  we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you!\" I agree!
\"@trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the U.S. from the Ebola hot zones of west Africa? This is insanity! #StopTheFlights
\"@iHunt88: I think it's about time  stands up and announces he's running for President.\"
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
\"@RealAlexGiles: My favorite building in Chicago  BorozzH4Dg\" Thanks.
\"@billyhaze: Great interview Tuesday past with Jim Gardner, must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist\"
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
\"I've never seen anything like it, everything he touches turns to gold!\"  So nice, a quote by Fred C.Trump about his son Donald (me!).
\"@ray_chipendo: We are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. Donald Trump\"
\"@oforsyth:  I'm from the UK and even I'm voting for Donald! Trump Trump Trump! I'm moving to America!\"
\"@sinnon7: See inside 's five star Scottish hotel 3ZrzltDfGJ via @travelmail Words by @sinnon7
\"@schaeferpg:  @GeeBilz Am a Donald Trump follower, we need anybody other than the idiot we have and Trump would be the best
\"@tegodreaux: Whew finally off of work...I'll say it again..TRUMP 2016.BECAUSE NOBODY LOVES AMERICA MORE THAN DONALD TRUMP. #1\"
\"@GeeBilz: If  runs for office he has my vote\"
\"@harryfinnimore:  @ericleebow same here.. Run so we get someone in the office that knows what's really going on\"
\"@JeremyBurns: I'm voting for Trump in 2016. We need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around #Trump2016\"
\"@BlakeHoagland: As one of my life-long role models ; someone I've looked up to in every aspect of life, you have my vote Mr. Trump!\"
\"@hattie_42: . A real businessman would lower taxes ; remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. Go Donald!!\"
\"@Ricolodean: @ChiBDM  he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top.\"
\"@MichaelSad6: @tonymission @Saran_arsh  I think Trump vs Clinton would be huge\"
\"@MitchRyanRocks: Please run for office. This country NEEDS ur leadership, knowledge, n passion. Also, I'd love to be a part of ur team!\"
\"@BGambalie:  if you run for pres, you will automatically win, no doubt. #trump2016\" Thanks, but nothing is easy.
\"@ACHockeyHistory:  Walked past your building in Vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to Vancouver.\"
\"@Sayyid_Khamenei:  @ericleebow Donald Trump is highly suited to be president of U.S.\" Nice.
\"@ericleebow:  Will vote for you if you run.\"
\"@ericleebow:  Will vote for you if you run.\" Thanks.
\"@KangDedy_RI_1:  Donald, you are my best inspiration to be successful\"
\"@leonapel: Some of my favorite entrepreneurs: @JCVenter @PeterDiamandis @elonmusk @peterthiel and @richardbranson \"
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @cgrubb85 Amen! Run, Mr Trump! I will vote for you!\"
\"@Ricolodean: Mr.Trump, If you don't run I will honestly consider moving out of the country. Without your leadership we are in big trouble.\"
\"@MichaelSad6:  its time to put a Wharton Grad in the White House! #Trump2016\" That is true!
\"@dejr7:  don't keep us in suspense, r u running for Pres?\" You will know very soon, thanks!
\"@krismichaelboy: If  ran for president, issues in the United States could be resolved. He has my vote! #Trump2016\"
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
\"@cgrubb85:  If  doesn't run we are screwed #Trump2016\"
\"@cgrubb85:  got my vote! Only one with common sense!\" So true, thanks.
\"@RaineDevries:  @rramz1979 This #Dallas girl would vote for you!\" Thank you.
\"@TheoVynalek:  nothing like downtown Chicago! Wa5obiQWZY\" Great building and sign!
\"@rramz1979:  Why don't you run for US president?\" Watch.
\"@MotherJones: Jon Stewart would have been a terrible host of \"Meet the Press\" Ih81Rt1Jb8\"
\"@Maxinerunner: @SenScottBrown served in Army NationalGuard for 35 yrs with honor ; will serve #nhpolitics the same! hNS5m04Z7Z\"
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
\"Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world.\" @mcuban
Via @clarechampion by @DanDanaherNews: “Wind Farm Proposal Near @Trump_Ireland Rejected” JyEq5J9e0T
Via @theinquisitr: “Americans Agree With Donald Trump, 58 Percent Want Flights Banned From Ebola Outbreak Countries” GHnml8M69i
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers? uNI7SQsQYR
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
\"Obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run, single-payer health insurance that many doctors don't take\" - @Avik
Seal the deal! Hold your business meeting at the luxurious  @TrumpNewYork Executive Board Room 7qhMBXBVNu
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
\"@BreitbartNews: Donald Trump, Chuck Todd Agree: No Trust of Feds' Handling Ebola Because of Obama Admin Scandals:  YSpj0GpfBK\"
\"@BreitbartNews: Donald Trump: Obama 'Stupid' or 'Arrogant' for Not Instituting Ebola Travel Ban: On Sunday GHZHMDtnqM\"
\"@TMZ: Donald Trump Teaches Miss Pennsylvania a MILLION DOLLAR Lesson C4ethqeuPx\"
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
\"@TPM: Donald Trump tells Fox why he doesn't trust Obama on Ebola: Benghazi! kgn4fVLVpB\"
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
\"@DScroggins3:  Please run for president in 2016.\"
\"@brasscojones10:  I'm at the Trump Doral for an environmental law conference. Very impressed all around.\"  Great.
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. \"Let the stupid Americans do it!\" SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Via @Mediaite by forza_desiderio: “Donald Trump Blasts Obama on Ebola: Why Are You Sending Troops?” sKBRhOGBvp
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
My golf club @TrumpNationalNY in Westchester, a great place! UnboWqeX86
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Great news from Ireland—Clare County Council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel ; golf course in Doonbeg. oSvVFgM70M
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola? ZGBaetHnNt
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
\"@cbauer747: @houseofwolf187 Motivate: why everyone wants Mr Trump for President? because he's outspoken,clever and has business savvy?\"
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
\"@Jackshallis: Donald Trump for president \"
\"@acMarcusWenzel:  @Godchick83 Donald would be the right guy for the USA. I agree.\"
\"@EconomicGeek13:  @SMWalkerBait Yes Please Run for President - I said that ages ago while he was at a conference in Sydney Australia\"
\"@houseofwolf187:  if Donald Trump runs for POTUS 2016 he'd have my vote!\"
\"@Ceg72Kevin:  Donald Trump for president,that would be a real wake up call to the world, would be a great president\" Thanks
\"@RupertSuren:  @crazycatkid US airport staff should strike if flights to ; from affected countries do not stop\"
\"@EveningExpress: Aberdeenshire's first five-star hotel revealed txgPEboVsI  YGpIk0xuHO\" The best!
\"@f9d5l: “Part Of Being A WINNER Is Knowing When Enough Is Enough” By \"
\"@SMWalkerBait:  Please run for President...\"
\"@Godchick83:  Donald Trump for president!\"
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, \"anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa\" DOPE
\"@otcgiant:  Our Country's \"leaders\" should have listened to you. Thanks to them, Ebola is now a household name in America.\"
\"@alextice23:  @SafirePublicity I know he would make a great president. He makes decisive decisions daily, very sucessful\"
\"@SafirePublicity:  Will you PLEASE run for President ??????? You've got our vote!\" Thanks.
\"@nicolabarbolini: Playing at Trump Los Angeles! Amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! Unforgettable ocean view!\"
\"@HMunjal: \"DonaldTrump: Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola” 2rS9VRS6MX\" The Donald is always right!\"
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports ; skyscrapers.
Via @DMRegister BY @JenniferJJacobs: “@SteveKingIA ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event” eMysGlPuaT
My @6abc int. with @Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City, Philadelphia’s real estate market ; 2014, 2016 elections uftiNXs1us
Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola”\n  2rS9VRS6MX
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Vancouver’s most anticipated hotel ; residences, @TrumpVancouver will unveil Canada’s first Mar-a-Lago Spa GCGBPHrTiB
Stop the flights! cyhrbbApV3
“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
\"Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning\" i31CzRdeEI via @CybergolfNews
\"@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland,  voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
\"@Ja: Waldorf Astoria's sale ; 7 iconic New York hotels QB7uaQQQd3 @FortuneMagazine Congrats DonaldTrump! v7Ars6kLS3
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
\"@moviesharkd: Terrific and insightful interview with  by @Jim_Gardner!! Great piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!\"
\"@moviesharkd: \"Must See\" Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte…: 0TdJJN9rZf @6abc @Jim_Gardner
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump: 'Maybe Something Miraculous Happens' and Obama Will Succeed” XQdKEg5z3e
Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago, the Windy City’s top hotel!
Via @IBDeditorials: “Most Americans Label Obama Presidency A Failure” GCcJLg5yDa
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
My @gretawire int. on Leon Panetta's critique of Obama, Ebola, rise of ISIS, Obama's lack of common sense ; 2016  uD5J1tXmFt
Via @CNNMoney by @AaronSmithCNN: \"The Donald wins. Trump name coming off casino\"  zwT0FkVfKJ
Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
\"@SteveMcK6abc Promo for Tonight w/  @6abc uftiNXs1us \" I left years ago but still interesting--all about timing
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work, low pay, mean boss!”
\"@pga4terry:  please become POTUS and make our nation great again!
\"@MattyHdot:  When you're right, you're right. If you were President, I would feel a whole lot better. #Trump2016\"
\"@lizuli_fitness:I really hope you run for president. Your RTs abt u being next pres have my hopes up! Please do our country a favor ; run🙌
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
\"@Dundee_Tam:  @dollymund yes Mr. Trump please run for the Oval Office and help bring the USA back to prominence.\"
\"@kyleraccio:  We need a real leader. We need Trump.\" Thanks.
\"@Scott__Marx:  I agree 100%! Please run for president and save this country! #Trump2016\"
\"@Vinnie_Vegas_76:Donald why don't you run for president. If you run the USA like you run your businesses, the USA would be a better place.\"
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
\"@DaMeechRiebl: Just saw your interview with @gretawire. Mr. Trump just run for president you'd be surprised to learn we all agree with you!
\"@JanineTurner:  your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! So much common sense!@gretawire\"
\"@RzcarlsonRuth:  just saw you on Greta.... Love listening to you speak. I have so much respect for you.\"  Thank you!
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
“Trump to campaign for @SteveKingIA” vGWKvBx1su via @kscj1360
Via @FootwearNews by @kristenmhenning: “@IvankaTrump Works to Beat Breast Cancer” UB4r50jrD2
“Donald Trump to crown @FIU as Miss Universe venue” 2m5YolMyc8 via @MiamiHerald
“@DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘We want to build everything in Dubai”\n  VGtEUcMIk8 via @CWO_dotcom
Via @DailyCaller by @NeilMunroDC: “Trump Wants Ebola Travel Ban” 04thxvEv6y
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Congrats @JanineTurner on new book \"A Little Bit Vulnerable\" you're a breath of fresh air in the political forum hdVc3GsAnW
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
\"@joshhobson: Hey, the sign looks good this morning! See it everyday, as I work around the corner at SOUTHCOM. GI37XyFAzP\"Thanks
\"@UmpireRobert:  is this one yours?? #nyc #soHo lDq59Zyos1\"  Yes, it's called Trump Soho!
I will be on Fox ; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
\"@RobertUndefined: This is where  needs to be the President.\"
\"@x_victoria97:  should be president..\"
\"@WDobrovich:  we really need a person like you to lead our country #trump2016\"
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
\"@fredsmith433:  Please run for president\"
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
\"@InTheElections:  My advice: run for president!\"
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
#TrumpAdvice w7r1olLV7V
\"@calfofgod:  you are the Smartest man in america. Why aren't you president. Who needs Obama? We need you! Please run!!\"
\"@DamienDuplantis:  For President 🇺🇸\"
\"@Ricolodean:  I pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. Please run in 2016.\"
\"@MasterBaxter8:   Great minds never stop. Such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. #trump2016\"
\"@ValEveretts: Obama isn't smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. Please run for POTUS. We need you.\"
\"@DrugFreeBlayde:  is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office.\" So true, thanks!
\"@calfofgod:  #donaldforpresident\"
\"@THR: Donald Trump: ABC's 'Black-ish' Title Is Racist vPG0IN5qCi\"
\"@Forbes: Donald Trump's 1987 \"The Art of the Deal\" spent 45 wks on the New York Times' bestseller list: GQsIhrr53f #Forbes400\"
\"@LAGalaxy: #TBT: Donald Trump meets a very uncomfortable-looking @LandonDonovan in 2006. #ThanksLD BDeZ9R9efk\"
\"@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... 9Ki8Hn1CIB\" I will not sue Darnell
\"@DonaldTrumpHub: Arizona Cardinal Darnell Dockett, Mogul Donald Trump Tweet Same Message ... 9Ki8Hn1CIB\"  I was playgiarized!
\"@hancockfinance. MR TRUMP IS THE BEST Worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire Hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
@not_that_actor   Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!
\"@not_that_actor PREDICTION: Things will be so bad in post-Obama US that Trump will be swept into White House in '16 TdMlFuOFjI\"
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
\"@NaijaFlyingDr:  is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time\" Thank you.
\"@Murray87James:  looking forward to my wedding at Turnberry 2mo! Ur staff has been amazing!\" It will be fantastic!
\"@lynn4596: I seriously admire , watching his show 'celebrity apprentice' was my inspiration to do well as a kid\" Great.
\"@SuccessCoaching: RT  \"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.\" - Johnny Cash\"
\"@spidermonkex: I love \"
A @aahs5star Diamond ; Green Star Diamond Award winner, @TrumpGolfLA is the nation’s top public course oeIVKKZBys
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details\n  BFvxVb453v
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS ; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Rated “#1 Resort in Europe” by @CNTraveler, @Trump_Ireland offers breathtaking golf ; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg uwxhlqEcjn
\"@RWDF1  They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill\" Not without a fight!
\"@lee_turton Can you buy  merchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? Cheers\"  Go to kfu2up0LiY to order
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled \"Blackish\"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, \"Whiteish\"! Racism at highest level?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
\"@jrhennessy: There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right: \"  Good choice, thanks.
\"@andrewl1234: . I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day\" Great
\"@lexiTB1993: We seriously need  for president. # TrumpForPresident\"
\"@morgan_sux: Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's called  very cool\"
\"@KhachfeHadi:  #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@CalebCCooper Reading DonaldTrump's \"The Art of the Deal\" for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
\"@DrizzyDan_: The U.S. needs  at this moment\" Thank you.
\"@popated: @tnsmilin  And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.\"
\"@adrianatarsia:  thank you for being the voice of reason!\"
\"@THEINTENSITY: The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola \"
\"@wethePOL:  @Nan_Imburgia Trump for President! ! Please!!!\"
\"@brandotut:  calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.\"
\"@jp_worldwide:  no common sense in Washington\"
\"@Jamaface:  THANK YOU! EXACTLY!\"
\"@CarnivoreKing:  We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we can't do that!\"
\"@AB8TN:  our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus\"
\"@Anthony01286381:  Wtg  for president i vote for u\"
\"@Nan_Imburgia:  Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!\"
\"@kimgt15:  RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!\"
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
\"@ChaseHassey:  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you.\" Thank you!
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
\"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.\" - Conrad Hilton
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
\"'Everything in Dubai': Learn from Emirate's rebound, says @DonaldTrumpJr\" jv8j6N3II6 via @Emirates247 by @Parag1301
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: \"Trump: 'Inconceivable' Obama didn't know about ISIS threat\"\n  2MoL3MrXgv
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
Excited to see @SixteenChicago’s  “elevated fine dining” explored by @USAToday @10Best! f9VNMdH5ip
Our views trump the rest for the #Thanksgiving #MacysParade. Stay @TrumpNewYork for exclusive parade access uH6a7k9xvp
36 hrs Central Park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @TrumpNewYork for a bite in @Nougatine_NYC. Full article dhLnMUxKW0
\"@__________IAN: I saw Donald Trump on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous when I was 4.That man must of had a drink -&gt;fountain of youth.
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
\"@Tizrobbie: What a stunning hotel! Great work!  MCePJwuG1U\"  Thank you!
\"@CortneyKahrs:Why should Mr.Trump know who two random people are. He's a celebrity. He gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice.
\"@Irishfoodtrail @R47R  We were at the Trump Int'l a few weeks ago it's one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in for many reasons\" Thanks.
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare ; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Interesting case from UK re @stellacreasy and abusive troll 1zW0zhV5ic
Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
“Runaway Obamacare Spending Will Cost Democrats” J3TEY8jGRP via @BloombergView by @lanheechen
Must watch for all Georgians @Perduesenate’s new ad “Secure Our Border KhnHd5i13r Michelle Nunn supports amnesty ; ObamaCare
“Inside Donald Trump's Scottish golf course”\n  5O77c1c4zR via @TelegraphSport
\"@Joeyssmyth  played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job\"
Via @HorsetalkNZ: “NY’s Central Park Horse Show a huge success”\n  IiFjSYuPYv
\"@000HermanSJr000 @Hotelied  @TrumpChicago Never ceases to amaze. Trump is the int'l brand that never settles for less than the best\" Thanks
\"@21stCenturyAsh  @TrumpTowerNY And last time I was there it was immaculately clean too\" Very important.
Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude ; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
.@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue.
\"@JamColley: We need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get Mr.T elected president.
\"@joelledoucette:  FINALLY! Someone who gets what is really going on in this country! Please consider fixing it! #2016\"
\"@geomac24:  Interesting reports emerging after our No vote that soapy kept from us. Among them, windfarms slashed property value by 12%\"
\"@bitchClassyboSs: How I wish Mr Trump would write more books. So in love with his books.\" I am now writing \"The Art of the Deal, Part II.
.@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @foxandfriends Hope you announce that you're running for president! You'd get my vote!\"
\"@RockChristopher: I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. ~ Donald Trump
\"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@BesttQuotes_: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.–Donald Trump\"  True!
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
\"@StephenNolan: I rarely get star struck - but I've just interviewed Donald Trump for @bbc5live yeeeehaaaaa\"
\"@KatieDaviscourt: I am totally voting for  if he runs for President!!\" Thanks.
\"@ChrisC_Skyward: Enjoying looking over the water from your Chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. Great place!\"
\"@JefeClutch:  RUN FOR PRESIDENT\"
\"@MaryHukill:  Just bought at Macy's my 2014 installment of your Shirts for Christmas! Gorgeous colors this year! and Fabric.\"
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
\"@selbyke:  @TrumpLasVegas stayed last month, great time, great service, great pool ; great view of 'The Strip' from room!\"
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees
Las Vegas' most elite destination, @TrumpLasVegas' has 64 stories of golden glass ; offers ultimate luxury x4x5eYYR8a
“Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus
With $250M of renovations, Trump Int'l DC’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be DC's top offering of amenities ; views fruEPjLajZ
Internationally recognized as an iconic landmark, @TrumpTowerNY beams over Fifth Avenue lMiPOU4Pj9
\"@YouKnowYourNice  you are the man, telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. I respect you.\"  Thank you.
\"@LoganB58 So cool to see  respond to so many people who tweet at him. A true role model in the business world.\"  Thanks.
\"@BillyDHayes Nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! Thank you for being that guy!\" Thank you.
\"@RealPro4Real @TheMilliardaire @Trump_Ireland  Wow, the golf course in Ireland is designed with great taste ; attention to detail! :-)\" Thx
\"@GrandeEvents Can't wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in DC. We know it will be fabulous!\"  Thank you.
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
\"@JSL79 I hope you will consider buying back the Trump Plaza ; Taj returning them to the great places they once were\" Will take a hard look.
I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends ; breaks!
.@Rosie—No offense, and good luck on the new show, but remember, you started it!    Ag3TyZZxOh
When you’re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard ; hit fast!
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy ; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Go to 3azIAQHTvX to help my friend Scott Brown take back our Senate.
\"@oasisjosh @GlennInvestor  his books are great\" Thanks.
\"@ItsDeMarioW: Donald Trump is my favorite Mac Miller song\"  And mine tooooo!
\"@SapThrows: This coming election is the first one I can vote in and I hope  runs so he can get my vote #Trump2016\"
\"@Parslow_88:  lets go #Trump2016\"
\"@oasisjosh: If I was an American I'm sure I would vote for  for president.\"
\"@JoePreni: I've never voted before, but if  runs for president I'll vote for him. #trump\"
\"@chuckiswhite:  2016
\"@ryan__schiller:  reading \"Never Give Up\" by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!!\"  Great.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo on being named a “Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families” by @ParadeMagazine KzgqiC5F34
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
The 2013 @NJPGA Course of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @PGAChampionship 5FPbwMcL0n
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved”\n  In1XMFWqyC
\"@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland  It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients.\" Thank you.
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. @GovernorVA onCh3WxPWL
\"@buddholly:  you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else!\" Thanks.
\"@calihose3:  Trump 2016! #trump2016 Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to #America. You have my vote!
\"@jdbailey08:  you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@spencerpyoung: If  runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote.\" Great!
\"@ShayDud:  If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.\"
\"@ga888ino:  what's holding you back from running for president? Live ; die for your beliefs...\" Stay tuned!
\"@ITS_TIMe31: Can  please run for president!\"
\"@Lotuschild32:  U would do more in 1 week than Obama has in 6 yrs! #Trump4Prez #FireObama\"
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @EmoHermione I hope that he runs also! We need a real leader in DC.\"
\"@prolifictweeter:  I hope you run for president too\"
\"@TimGebby: I'm back following  and my twitter life just got better! #PresidentofTweet\" Great.
\"@TimeReckoner:  Donald Trump needs to run for President. You'll have my Vote when you decide to run for Office.\" Thank you.
\"@straussanator:  When is the Apprentice coming back? Very soon, recently finished shooting - and it is great!
\"@EmoHermione: I really really really hope that  runs for president. It would make all my dreams come true.\" Thanks.
\"@MathewPrinsen:  I was wondering your take on Obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? Big deal or no?\" Terrible!
\"@CahlRStorrie When I go to New York my first second and third stop is @TrumpTowerNY and hopefully get to see \"  Great!
“Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a Champion
Offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design,  @TrumpChicago’s condominiums are world-class YyAajZiG4Q
“Obamacare Data Mismatch Could Leave Thousands Uninsured” 11X7cE3mRY ObamaCare is not working and has missed all targets.
Obama administration said that Saudi Arabia was on Syria’s border s4AI85JHSe   Wrong. These are the civilians planning the war.
The @ForbesInspector ; @AAAnews 5 star restaurant, @TrumpNewYork’s @Jean_GeorgesNYC is NYC's top destination\n  8CK5Pcdfsf
Zegarelli and Vescio:  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town.  @BriarcliffManor
DAMAC ; #Trump Organization are developing a 2nd Trump #golf course, Trump World Golf Club #Dubai, at AKOYA Oxygen! HLCYGmiBKB
\"@donallentown:  @KyleKissKiss not only do you have a great name.. you'd win and do a great job. Hug @IvankaTrump for me :)\"
\"@ThissenRolf:  i'm a german social democrat, but don, go for president. I want to see real competition\"
\"@LyricalmafiaRum: Will TRUMP-A-MANIA run wild again in Atlantic City? DonaldTrump @HulkHogan #Wrestlemania4 #wrestlemania5 @VinceMcMahon\"
\"@LyricalmafiaRum:  TRUMP-A-MANIA NEEDS TO RUN WILD AGAIN IN AC!\" So true, after I left it lost all energy and spirit!
\"@betocolombia1:  @KyleKissKiss  Donald, you will win, but I have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!\"
\"@Karabeckley:  @KyleKissKiss couldn't agree more! Please our country needs a true strong leader! I'm terrified for this country now!\"
\"@KyleKissKiss:  run for president, win, and handle it!\"
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader ; bring $’s to KY
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham Lincoln
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
From rags to riches, and back to rags! \nNpY9Nw6fvJ
Interesting article about Atlantic City jzU0kObjRm
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
\"@AAszkler:  @tylerasmith1 GOP will not win until they fire all of the political consultants\"
\"@CahlRStorrie:  @wolf_grayson he will win in 2016\"
\"@Chazman321:  You should run for POTUS, I would back you 110%!\"
\"@rummypent:  @johneharmon man I'd love to see u as our prez. U speak my language sir. God love you\"  Thank you!
\"@wolf_grayson:  Donald Trump 2016. You better win.\"
\"@breemomma33:  Always enjoy listening to you on @foxandfriends Too bad this Administration doesn't take your advice!\"
\"@johneharmon:  great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate\"
\"@RobHelm78:  @foxandfriends Thank God, I need my DT fix\" Cute!
\"@socalmike_SD:  @foxandfriends Wish you were President right now...One can hope...We need a leader in a leaderless country\"
\"@socalmike_SD:  @foxandfriends Why do all u haters follow Trump...pathetic\" Good question!
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
\"@ilenayankoviak:  Trump 2016?\"
\"@AndyAy:DonaldTrump Good to hear news of you and Turnberry in Ayrshire Scotland. South Ayrshire has best weather in Scotland,so good choice
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
\"Without passion, you don’t have energy, and without energy, you have nothing!\" Just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well.
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
\"@kylegolfmtnbike:  NFL is forever changed and I'm afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football\"
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to \"moderate rebels\" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
\"@PWR34: Wow,  knows how to build 'em. #Chicago I2k2K9PoGQ\"  True!
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
“Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.” - Stephen Covey
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties @Macys.  Go check them out.
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?
Trump Nat’l Westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in New York. A great place. sWFmZzsaaC
\"@000HermanSJr000  The views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. You are a businessman ; artist\"  Thx
\"@Jefferysiegrist                                   just passed the great man's tower! 5x8wod4r96\"  Nice.
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloomberg
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well ; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
\"@Gregshades  in 2017 when obama (hopefully) leaves office and we can began to rebuild America from his nightmare.\" Thx
\"@NYCdeb8tr:  We have 2 more years of suffering under Obama. Can we at least have some fun while suffering? #Trumpfan\"
\"@JZ561:  Seriously love all things Trump! #justsayin\" Thanks.
\"@NotoriousGeko:  Donald trump for president!\"
\"@ewalkdog33:  even if it's only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy\"
\"@ClaudeVanPelt:  Donald Trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently.\" Many agree, thanks!
\"@_spock: RT @mrgrumpystephen: Hi  it’s my birthday any chance of a retweet\"  Happy birthday!
\"@lightlybarbara:  Donald Trump you should run for president seriously\"
\"@pharlap9  Emanuel is nuts, period! Your sign is \"wonderful\" on your building in Chicago!\" Thank you.
\"@NYCdeb8tr  Mr. Trump, I would love to see you spice things up, and cut a rug on #DancingWiththeStars\" They would love to have me!
.@TrumpGolfLA is @theknot’s pick for the \"Best of Weddings\"  with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean  TijMQ1OxD0
@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
\"@VinceMcMahon: Way to go , what a good sport. qqxRaTlKpP\"  Vince, only for you!
\"@woofeous:  @TrumpNewYork Love how Donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on.\"
\"@1SimranjitSingh:  Donald Vs. Vince McMahon at Wrestlemania 23. EPIC\"
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons ; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq ; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Must read article by @boonepickens ; @AmbJohnBolton: “America’s Untapped Energy Weapon” MlCkUYsMPm We don't need foreign oil!
With panoramic views of Central Park ; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star @TrumpNewYork offers 176 newly  renovated rooms 4WnfqUygW8
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. fEYAhQ7lGB
“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith
\"@Valbano206: Loved listening to  this morning on @MikeAndMike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL\"
\"@GZervs: Great job on @espn this morning.  could run the NFL much better\"
\"@jake_wilfong:  was speaking the truth this morning on @MikeAndMike. Too many flags, let the boys play.\"
\"@dmadan81: \"The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags\" -\"
\"@jmart1128: Loving  on @MikeAndMike this morning!\"
\"@williamwatp:  great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago @Cubs #sonsofwrigley\"
\"@itguy7305:  I can't believe I agree with everything you said on @MikeAndMike #worldisover\"
\"@GameANew:  Absolutely right!! #mikeandmike\"
\"@pittab: @MikeAndMike you guys need to have  on every week!\"
\"@CJDischinger: @MikeAndMike --- so  for @nfl commish? Loved his views.\"
\"@bhamp23:  @espn great interview\"
\"@louis_the_iv: Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but  spoke the absolute truth\"
\"@sinksinksink1:  everything you just said on mike;mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!\"
\"@MarkMizzouSteel: LOVE hearing  laying the hammer on the @nfl on @MikeAndMike this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!\"
\"@uwsp46:  @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game\"
\"@bluedish:  @espn spot on interview! 👍 let em play, put the flags away!\"
\"@AllanBell247: Did anyone just see  on @MikeAndMike? He nailed it.\"
\"@HelLo4T: PREACH  !!! U killed it on @MikeAndMike ! #NFLestaDepinga\"
\"@TRUEQUE02:  love your response on @MikeAndMike this morning regarding the @nfl brand 🙌\"
\"@titansfan1967:  @espn I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.\"
\"@Hai: I couldn't agree more with  about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!\"
\"@beasonshane: @Espngreeny @espngolic great call from  100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
\"@WayneHancock88: I think that  should be the next Commissioner of the @nfl! #BringBackFootball\"
\"@Waltthew: @MikeAndMike Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.\"
\"@jared_searcy88: @MikeAndMike  is the man.\"
\"@thesa: @Espngreeny @MikeAndMike @espngolic Listen to what  said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league\"
\"@David_Perilla3:  thanks for telling it how it is\"
\"@B_Dussault:  should be on @MikeAndMike everyday. Such an interesting guy.\" Thanks.
\"@SouthernRambler:  @espn you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible\"
\"@StClou: Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle\"
\"@jphillipsLO:  @espn You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.\"
\"@MostonTyler: @MikeAndMike  100% right about the excessive flags and tackling\"
\"@TheRxElite:  loved your time on @MikeAndMike today. Great points and views.\"
\"@Echo5Chrly: @MikeAndMike for once  makes sense. The @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags.\"
\"@AriansFetus: @MikeAndMike  WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.  #NFL\"
\"@DeejayWalmix: Everything  said right on the money! @Espngreeny @espngolic 💯✔\"
\"@Todd_H @MikeAndMike -Let the court ; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, the @nfl needs to worry about product on field\"
\"@bxrocboy: @Espngreeny  was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, I'm losing interest.\"
\"@rclark_randy:  great interview on @MikeAndMike this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!\"
\"@iMarle64: @MikeandMike Wow,an actual good guest😳  keeping it real on his view of the #NFL🏈 #refreshing\"
\"@Skelify: @Espngreeny Completely agree with what  just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]\"
\"@J_Hawk25:  well said this morning on @MikeAndMike the NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl\"
\"@coreymccrack3n:  had a good point this morning on @MikeAndMike. The refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring.\"
On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.” - Johnny Cash
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
IMPORTANT - @RepMattSalmon ; @RepEdRoyce will hold a hearing on Oct. 1w/USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi’s mother ; wife jiIYPL3SKE
Right To Play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. A great cause--check it out. lvS6IMvfTT
Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
\"@NewMexicoRoni  sadly, they of course will blame you for the failure. Idiots.\"  And I haven't been there in years.
\"@Yankee_RangerNV  Don't forget you were also the ONLY person to host Wrestlemania in back to back years\" So true, thanks.
\"@sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump, we will welcome you back with open arms! We need you back!\" Thanks Mark, I am looking!
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,  to save Plaza ; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Via @newhampshirecom:“Tickets on sale for Loeb School Event, featuring Donald Trump” AFxKhHrpSM
Via @nbc6: “@MissUniverse Pageant Coming to @TrumpDoral in 2015” KqvoeKLJAN
With championship links @TrumpScotland’s world-class amenities also include dining ; luxury accommodations  zBVwkzPYYi
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
\"@jcartmell_2011: I honestly think he needs to run for president. I'd vote for him in a heart beat. Man's a genius!!\" Thank you!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
\"@MikeyJFitz:  Thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going, I wasn't one of the idiots that voted for Obama. #Trump2016\"
\"@AndyHemmins:  #MissUSA is way classier than #MissAmerica\"
\"@KevHegarty: Please please please let  run for president. That would be awesome.\"
\"@mkristin73:  I honestly don't doubt it. We need a real leader in there.\"
\"@MattMan612: I'm on board with  #Trump2016\"
\"@mkristin73:  so are you running for president?\" Time will soon tell, but if I do, our country will be great again!
\"@IndyBuffaloJim:  All fact, but of course haters never check the DATA, your business decisions are sound ; you have the success 2 prove it\"
\"@JaredAustinThom: We just need to let  run the whole world. #Trump2016\" It would be a fantastic place, thanks!
\"@CahlRStorrie:  you always know what to say. You're an inspiration for millions if not billions.\" Thank you.
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
\"@BenTrolling:  @EastonWestwood That isn't even a real number! Nice try, you will see Donald Trump by a landslide in 2016!\"
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
\"@A_Frog_4_Life: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable - Donald Trump
\"@BenTrolling:  @EastonWestwood Donald Trump has more know how, grit, and integrity than George W. Bush.\" Very true!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
\"@BenTrolling:  @EastonWestwood Disclosing his finances would make Donald Trump the most wealthy President ever!\" So true!
\"@EastonWestwood: Please run for President again! America is almost finished but might have a chance if you're President in Jan.2017.\"
\"@Kstork48G:  I would love for you to run. What would be your plan on stopping ISIS?? Military mom here. Love you\"
\"@hawkeye3073:  I know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 #MuchRespect\"
\"@JohnnySanaC: Kinda early to decide, but i'm going to be  for halloween lol\"  Have fun!
\"@jeffpurcell50:  @ghosttoast99 he will help. He is a great man!\"
\"@Lauraaachinn:  for President 2016. I would be first in line at the polls.\"
\"@shoreline1996 DonaldTrump Please for all of humanity run for President. But use your money to campaign so you don't need to return favors.
\"@Ripnitz:  PLEASE run for President!!! We need you to straighten out this Country!!
\"@CandyStiltz:  Please run. I'd like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office.\" Remember what you said!
\"@ghosttoast99:  Mr. Trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son, Carson.\" How much do you need?
\"@samanthaviner01:  for president\"
“Always be prepared to start.” - Joe Montana
ObamaCare has cut workers’ pay by over $22B ; eliminated 350,000+ small business jobs AdsN1jVf7I Repeal before it's too late!
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty ; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!
Offering river, lake ; skyline views, @TrumpChicago’s 339 5 Star rooms range from Deluxe Suites to Spa Guestrooms YByppBxGvB
The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr’s @CNBC interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury SuLDq6m1g5
Via @HeraldBusiness by @hannahbsampson: “@TrumpDoral looking to hire hundreds”\n  rYKTW0JRq5
With a @SharkGregNorman designed course directly along the water, @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolina’s elite club HEMVkgRkgv
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
\"@jenniii0rozco:  you should be our new president ..
My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero uJC4G64xyN
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice ; our freedom.
\"@Yankee_RangerNV The silver lining in you not buying the Bills is that you can HOPEFULLY rescue what's left of this country; RUN!\" So true!
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
\"@orlando_tina:  I wish you were president sir!\"
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
\"@bebe_el_mejor:  Mr. Trump you are one of the people I most admire ! Greetings from Venezuela!.\" Thanks.
\"@EnhancedEddie:  trump you will make the greatest president since Lincoln\" Wow, nice!
\"@therachelgibson: Seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. It's now or never! We need you. #USA #nowornever\"  So true!
\"@NateZito:  you should be the next president Don\" Thanks.
\"@IndyBuffaloJim: The American public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. Another plan of our Socialistic President.
\"@Silverfoxgranny:  #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts\"
\"@joeyjoe78:  Great point! Freedom is not free and the American people are tired of paying for it! It's time for other nations to pay up!\"
\"@RealJimPeterson:  That's right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance.
\"@dale_schrock:  So true.. They should pay up for our protection, and by the way stop persecuting Christians over there too!
\"@kevinb____:  Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS\"
\"@TwatterTwatTwit:  you are 100% right. Enough is enough.\"
\"@johnmichael328:  Great question...agreed\"
\"@nick2travel:  They should pay us FREE OIL for the next 100 years.\"
\"@KingofPolitics:  Donald in the House. You nailed it down.\"
\"@Kalozap: Obama's mind, IsIs, ebola, etc.... and then thinking, boy I wish I was on the golf coarse. What should I wear on the Links\"
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Attention Arnold Palmer:  Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! @KingdomMag  Cde5TciZdw
Flashback from October, 2013: “Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen” 5CCg8p8N2O You’re welcome! Apple listened.
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland’s Championship course is a classical Scottish links f2BuzvbhcD
“@ApprenticeNBC: Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers” 8RyhDimJ09 via @TVGrapevine by @TVG_Sammi
38 stories high, @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms ; suites offer exceptional services XrXAnJj7Wb
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality 7Pp2Mx0h6x
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
\"@DiamondsLPN:  Would you please run for President? People respect you!!! And know you don't play around!\"
\"@WeddingBandWNY:  Thank you!!! Love Buffalo!\" My great honor!
\"@terriduncan73:  I would definately vote for you ♡♡\"
\"@Aguilar845:  For President #2016\"
\"@vix3361:  you speak the truth\" True!
“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
ICYMI, via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on Obama’s dangerous disconnect 8a5COQuAG8
In '09, Obama released the ISIS chief. The terrorist gloated “I’ll see you in New York” OtWXYrlsoP Historic nat'l sec. error
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
Boasting @AAAFiveDiamond ; @ForbesInspector 5 Star ratings, @TrumpNewYork’s @jeangeorges features a superb menu 8CK5Pcdfsf
Soaring 92 stories, @TrumpChicago boasts a @ForbesInspector 5 Star rating for both its hotel ; restaurant vxSW4NZJLL
\"@trixdelavega  please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible\"  Very soon.
\"@nursedebi  thank you for your support #CDCwhistleblower\" You're welcome.
\"@dragonfly125  loved that season!!!!! #RIPJoanRivers\" Everyone did, thanks.
\"@Cringe_Fringe @Joan_Rivers You were a good friend to Joan and I enjoyed the Apprentice show with her.  Thanks, Mr. Trump.\" Thank you.
The Trump Signature Collection  available @Macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. Dress your best! hotvBijHrI
\"@JoePerry: Always good to see  Rock and Rollin' at the Aerosmith show.\" Joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert.
\"@TheBigJamesG: What kind of president doesn't get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn't the thing to do? Detached from reality he is\"
\"@teeblack011: : \"@tweets_business:  wYbBBjIZTp\"\"
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
\"Everything you can imagine is real.\" —Pablo Picasso
“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
\"@SassyPantsjj Please do more Apprentices', know you're busy but once a year is NOT ENOUGH !!!!  Love that show !!!\" Thanks.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
Home of the iconic Ailsa, a four time @The_Open course, @TrumpTurnberry is a landmark on the Ayrshire coastline qMVZJzHtLq
\"@mtthwdvs:  Joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on Celebrity Apprentice!\"
\"@ESPNNFL: Our @FrankCaliendo was AWESOME as as Bill Belichick, Ron Jaws, Donald Trump and Jerry Jones. MUST WATCH: uDHvLwQVRM\"
\"@216th:  you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice.\"
\"@KandaceC1:  when am I gonna get to see some more of The Apprentice??? I miss seeing you weekly!:  Soon!
\"@JonesTigger0828: @foxandfriends  it just blows the mind that this President is still in office.\"
\"@boobunni_: Might buy a tv just to see  on Monday mornings on @foxandfriends\" Great.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends: You can bet your rear-ends that D. T.  WOULD have a strategy, and WOULD HAVE A YEAR AGO. Great segment!.\"
\"@__________IAN: \"No one respects golf more than me, but there is a time and place for everything\"- Mr.Trump hitting the nail on the head!\"
\"@Cordizzzle: @HowardStern getting a lot of praise from  on Fox News about Joan Rivers funeral. 👍\" Howard did a great job!
\"@MrsWilbert:  @foxandfriends now that I know you're on every Monday, I'll definitely be listening\"
\"@SHMann55:  Mr. Trump sure would like to see you run for president!\" Thank you!
\"@JBizz13: It was awesome Seeing you at the Ryder cup announcement last week! So glad to have the PGA of America coming to your course\" Tnx!
I will be on Fox ; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
\"@stephencvengros: Joan Rivers funeral: Donald Trump, Howard Stern among star-studded cast of mourners UdP9lZMlvi
\"@kpasee: Hearing that Donald Trump went to Joan Rivers's funeral breaks my heart, I feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice 😢\"
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
\"@ChrisSergeant: @thomas Thanks for the endorsement but there's far more entertaining folk than me out there. There's Donald Trump for one.\"
\"@P00dy:   @MarvinEscobars The difference is Successful people like the Trumps need no excuses.\"  Thanks!
\"@MarvinEscobars: TRUMP = TRIUMPH = TRUMP Find the differences?? Next president!! 
\"@gracem54:  seriously - USA could use a man like you running this country! We could be great again! #Trump2016\"  Thank you!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
\"@TimothyHero:  I hope you run for president when Obama's corrupted term is done.\"
\"@nwankwofranklin:  I am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. I get inspired all the time by your story.
\"@flowersmeller:  any plans to come back to Dubai @DamacOfficial - looking forward to playing 18 on your course!\"  Great!
\"@andyacr:  can't imagine living a day in your shoes. It must be remarkable.\" But never easy!
\"@EricaMelone:  anyone that knows you, knows it has nothing to do with you. Don't worry about defending yourself. You ROCK!\"
\"@FanOfGreenMMs:  we love you Mr. Trump.\" Thank you!
\"@AlbyMetevier:  Mr trump will u save America and run? I know the job sucks but we need it fixed.\" So true!
\"@justdoitmia:  hard not think Atlantic City and not think of you..you're an icon there and always will be, god bless you!
\"@DEBKANCHAN:  Trump is Trump-Card to Success in USA ! Make him President of USA\"
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
\"@rokrok10100:  ...in India we LOVE Donald Trump. Wake up, America, recognize the sheer class of this man.\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: @EricTrump you and your family amaze me, can't think of a nobler family in history. @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr\" Thank you
\"@TJonesy072:  Pecfect! Why aren't you President?\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: @MELANIATRUMP probably one of the most beautiful  ladies to walk the planet, of course  is her husband!
\"@InTheElections:  Mara-a-Lago is unbelievably spectacular.\"  Thank you!
\"@anthonyjmyers: #IfTrumpWerePresident, this country would be the classiest, most established, most admired place in the world.\" 100% TRUE!
\"@nick2travel: If Trump was President, there would be Jobs all over, and Professionals like me would not have to move to another country.\"
\"@billywmerritt: . We need a Trump Tower in Atlanta. I will buy the first unit.\"  Great!
\"@billywmerritt: \"The Art of the Deal\" got me off my ass and got me in the game. We all have 24 hours in a day. No excuses for me. Thanks!\"
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check \"place of birth\"
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
\"@P01YN0NYM0U55: ! @vikdam @jamandatrtl imagine how mad you'd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you\"
\"@homerealtyindia: Mr. Trump with #lodha is developing the iconic #trumptower in #mumbai. zjZCEb9lbF iv0So8ntsX\"
\"@gio_th: \"If you want to test a man's character, give him power.”—Abraham Lincoln
\"@P01YN0NYM0U55:  @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine\"
Great event last night @trumpwinery with @GovernorVA to support @TheVFoundation @UVA @VCU 0R81wgQ4BA
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
Best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday.
Must read quote by @EricTrump in @CNNMoney article “Builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings” 2kQKsftJe0
\"Taking risks ; making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. Most of the time you will surprise yourself\" -Trump Never Give Up
The Mar-a-Lago Club, the crown jewel of Palm Beach, is a landmark in the National Register of Historic Places Oa3jE1v5Hm
\"@therefornone just home from great couple of days at @TrumpTurnberry. Tremendous golf course, simply outstanding. Loved it.\" Great, thanks.
In memory of Joan Rivers- watch when she became my Celebrity Apprentice- which meant so much to her! 8xeIi3HnDZ
\"@buntymunn  just played Trump aberdeen yesterday, might just be the best golf experience I've ever had!\" Great, thanks!
“Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Joan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically ; internationally, hope is not a strategy.
The next generation of luxury, @TrumpVancouver will be the icon of the Vancouver skyline oaguXIaQHH
I attended @Aerosmith concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesn’t get any better than that. @IamStevenT was fantastic, great energy!
So many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time ; autism will drop!
\"@This_JustIn: Waking up early and studying my idol \" Go get 'em!
\"@OnlineOnTheAir: My friend's son, immediate #autism after #vaccines 10 yrs ago. So sad. Keep up good work Nay-sayers will understand soon.\"
\"@rwang0: @MillionBy22  has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins.
Trump Int'l Golf Links ; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean ; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge Oji1aaXa6O
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.
\"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\" -- Steve Jobs
\"@chrisshields16 Class act . Way to go. #ALS big props!\"  Thanks.
\"@deno716 What better way to start a movie than having  in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on @Netflix\"  Great!
\"@AkiaGarnett @R_B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor\" Thx
\"@fishingmaniac  Thank you for supporting American values.\" That's easy!
\"@iambedmatrix  Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?  We love you and your pageant, we just want to know\" Soon!
\"@smiller581110  @skimpybean Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you\"  Thank you.
\"@SheltonFL  stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed\" Thanks. @TrumpChicago
\"@jamandatrtl  Her son was over-vaccinated. #CDCwhistleblower #hearthiswell SZiRcSbGVs\"  Terrible.
\"@LindseyScheibe  Erik's story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family.  21yL30fDPk\" Very sad!
\"@justtreatsgolf  Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul  proves that it is his real hair with his #IceBucketChallenge\"  Thanks.
\"@rcstaley @LoisWeiss  I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT!\" Thanks
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children ; their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @TrumpGolfLA’s white sand $250M premiere course L3a3vqrrSc
Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch
\"@lansdalepadre  what a great sport!!  Good job!! #ALSIceBucketChallenge\"  Thank you.
“I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - @Joan_Rivers
Watch @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- SsOVwslf7V
.@WWE: He's answered the call!  responds to @VinceMcMahon's #ALSIceBucketChallenge! L0UlRrk5ld #SmackDownALS
\"@orestistzo  I never thought you would do it! Great video and for a great cause. Well done sir! #ALSIceBucketChallenge\" Thx
The #Hyperlapse app in @TrumpTowerNY- C7jH9ZyCLx
\"@GPlunkert  it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. Unlike our president..\"  Thank you.
\"@vv3762   @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump It is fine that despite your achievements, you have not lost sense of humour!\"\nThanks.
\"@LisaZ15  Wishing her well!  She was awesome when she was on Celebrity Apprentice!  Very smart.\" True!  @Joan_Rivers
\"@ALSAMA New hairstyle for Donald Trump? We think it looks great all slicked back!  #ALSIceBucketChallenge\" Maybe I will do it someday--thx!
\"@DeesSteve  hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. Classy hotel. We will return\" Great, thx! @TrumpLasVegas
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI Just Amazing! Well done! Great you accepted that challenge ! Personally I had no doubts about that!\" Thanks
\"@StFFP We just received a #DoodleForHunger by  for our 2014 Celebrity #Art Auction:   Uk4qE20rNN\" Good cause.
\"@VinceMcMahon Way to go , what a good sport.  qqxRaTlKpP\" Thanks Vince, but you are the greatest of them all.
\"@dirtmeister You don't have to be President to make a difference,You saved New York from mediocrity.\" Thank you, people do forget!
\"AngieApon I think you should try wearing your hair combed back.  It looked good when you slicked it back Mr. Trump ;) #ALS\" May happen, thx
\"@LGlick1  There are no words to describe this. My boss  is awesome! CbdbylXjUT …\" Thanks Larry.
\"@skimpybean  Woah! Well done fella. I honestly thought for all these years that was a wig.\" See, I told you so, thanks!
\"@lorenzolamas  You are the man Mr Trump. Your ALS Challenge was epic and all it represented. Love to the fam.\" Thanks Lorenzo.
\"@RamDurand:  @VinnyGooch The media who loves Donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. Cant even trust Fox\"
\"@MayurSharma60:  I dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest\"
\"@NPHerron:  For president #2016election\"
\"@VinnyGooch:  THE DON 2016!!! I CAN SEE IT NOW!\"
\"@lizzymariedaoud: Mr. Trump i seriously love you, your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real, and you speak your mind!\"
\"@niralsoni:  Trump tower Mumbai Golden opportunity @Frannyfine31 @panda9103 @ParentSeitz JgfTGQZkDD\"
\"@milagyi:  i don't follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!! RFtdczutkv\"
\"@BBCoachKK: You are my idol! I'm stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! At my breaking point! Give me strength DT!\" Get out!
\"@Frannyfine31:  I would finally register to vote if you ran. You would be an awesome president. @panda9103 @ParentSeitz\"
\"@domenicsiracusa:  @maathewdavis THE DONALD 2016\"
\"@Carmelcandi68: The ISIS thug who murdered Amer James Foley may hv been Gitmo detainee evsED2fAX5 yall want close gitmo so bad\"
\"@KAKJOY:  Please run for President!!!!\"
\"@sweetsweetseven:Most gorgeous building in Chicago from a true self made American and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #SMH #trump2016
\"@Taylorstime:  @Joan_Rivers Donald you speak the truth .\"
\"@KTxO5:  will u please run for president\"
\"@hardworkinmane:  I agree. U would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force.\"
\"@SandeeBengel:  @Joan_Rivers you nailed it Donald!! Full of energy the day before!!\"
\"@blupony3:  we've got some political s'stuff'that has to go,but you,why dont you run for president?\"
\"@Bgara2011: MrTrump, today @ church preacher said that if Abraham was modern he would be someone like you. Thought you should know.\" Thanks
\"@DeannaSpillyard: @DeannaSpillyard: Successful Business 101: If  buys, you buy. If he sells, you sell. Don't ask just do it
\"@bradcooney1:Wise words. My Nephew is a US Marine soon to be heading into harms way again. It's gonna be a long 7 months for us.\" Good luck
\"@Jennifer75AR:  @MarieDAnnunzio Please run for president, Mr Trump!
\"@MarieDAnnunzio:  your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps\" Thank you!
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
\"@R_B_Stuart:  Loved your ice bucket challenge. I hope everyone shuts up about your hair now.
.@Joan_Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
“Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big ; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.” – Think Big
\"@awmorrell  At last, the  hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the ALS #icebucketchallenge \" Thx--I hope so!
\"@SheriffButchDC Way 2go!  You created awareness for MILLIONS. Looking 4ward to @EricTrump ; @DonaldJTrumpJr\" Thanks Butch.
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
\"@EricTrump  I officially accept 's #ALSIceBucketChallenge...\" Very good Eric, I am always proud of you  #StrikeOutALS
Via @MailOnline: “But did his hair survive? @MissUniverse ; @MissUSA dump water over Donald Trump”\n FIXWcpQKTv
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump Takes Ice Bucket Challenge – Dares Obama” ZrfNtyYSxl
\"@juanjgers:  when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? You got my vote!🇺🇸🐘\" Thanks!
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
#IceBucketChallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is- H346MidHzR
ICYMI The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- qqxRaTlKpP @MissUSA @MissUniverse @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all- qqxRaTlKpP
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
\"@financeturd:   Melania would make a great first lady\"
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call ; he's out
\"@phipppo: Donald Trump is hands down the best Mac Miller song\"  So true!
\"@persdevquotes: « Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. » Donald Trump kIX3vm9FCh\"
\"@kornegay_danna: @EmpireofSocial I love Donald Trump. People are just jealous. I admire his family. Good man that would be a great Potus\"
\"@Prayformetoo:  @RyanKainec1 Yes, and what a great first lady we would have!  True!
Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
\"@EmpireofSocial: Tell me one industry  does not have a business in\"  There are many!
\"@RyanKainec1: Please run for president. It's been a long time since we've had an honest president. You are called to do great things.\"
\"@domjoly:  I can't help thinking how great the USA would be if you were president!
\"@HomerJSimpson: I took the Ice Bucket Challenge and I nominate  to follow me! Just watch my Twitter tomorrow!
.@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
\"@Spongebob501R: @HomerJSimpson Good job, Homer!  Good luck!\"  Thanks, I'll need it!
\"@Onbluesol: Homer Simpson Nominates  to do the #IceBucketChallenge check out the video clip uMfGFK6Hm0\"
\"@TrumpPhillyGM: “@PhiladelphiaPGA: Trump trumps the field at Pro-Lady Team #golf 7jjtZ2F5Dl” @TrumpPhillyPro: Great going team!
.@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow….
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
Congratulations to @sethmeyers on “Emmy’s Rating Tumble” dJ9v0Vfi30  Just as I predicted, Seth bombed! .
\"@UsuallyBogey  I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse  if they were still around\" Thank you.
.@TrumpChicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city pwsw51dqMW
.@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star ; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star ; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC KsrAdC2ZeR
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\n -- Abraham Lincoln
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
\"@thinkingmomsrev: @RobSchneider  @SharylAttkisson @jaketapper report this~ jGn0y1wnvk #CDCwhistleblower\"
.@TrumpLasVegas is Sin City’s most elite destination. Treat yourself to Vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms JjjadFK6IO
Via @cnsnews by @CraigBBannister: “Poll: Hispanics, Blacks Call for Tighter Borders, Access to Illegals' Jobs”\n  iK52zKSbOw
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
Via @gulf_news by @JoeHeim: “@IvankaTrump: Giving back is a priority for me” bT1B2rFeWV
With the record $200M renovations on track ; budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
\"@chrisg802:  @slaw116 God awful show. Many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better.
\"@suzyz40:  @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 - so talentless, what was he doing there?\"
\"@smile_heather:  you are correct. Emmys were awful.\"
\"@jclancy21:  @YourInfoBabe @slaw116 He was really terrible. Has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?\"
\"@johnjeren:  @natebailey11 Seth Myers is unwatchable. I don't know how he got his own late night talk show.\"
\"@maathewdavis:  Emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the Miss Universe pageant.\"
\"@YourInfoBabe: Couldn't agree more! “@brealDonaldTrump: \"@slaw116:  Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible.
\"@2ndClassClown:  Kimmel was way funnier than Meyers. I don't think I laughed once at anything Seth said.\"
\"@natebailey11: Seth Meyers lame 'act' proving  correct; #Emmys are almost unwatchable.\"
\"@Vegies:  called it the @emmys2014 are going to awful! #awful\"
\"@slaw116:  Seth Meyers just set the Emmys back 30 years! Terrible!
\"He who demands little gets it.\" - Ellen Glasgow
@Newsmax_Media: “Donald Trump: ISIS 'Awakens the Lion' With Journalist Beheading” (includes @foxandfriends video)\nSanZ3GOh7x
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations ; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
\"@Prayformetoo:  @amirite_ I have never laughed at one thing from Seth Meyers or Jon Stewart.\"
\"@OjJava:  I dont get the whole thing with Seth Meyers either. Kinda bland..\"
\"@amirite_:  never got why seth meyers was funny, good point!\"
\"@mindcontrolJPG:  i was just ranting about this to my wife! He has nothing and you're the only one honest enough to say it.
\"@evanmcmurry:  you should run for presidnet\" Thanks.
\"@ElishevaNY: @samir  also can you be our president. Because you would be amazingggg.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
\"@domenicsiracusa:  @maathewdavis THE DONALD SHOULD BE PRESIDENT\"
\"@Andigriffin:  Would you consider an appointment like Sec. Of defense? Or Treasury? #needtrumpsomehow\"
\"@dirtmeister:  Everyone wants to back you for '16. Don't think Hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team.\"
\"@saigon1968tet: “: Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Obvious moron at conformation hearings.\"The worst I have ever witnessed
\"@zakspace11:  mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. Best country club in US #baller\" Many agree, thanks!
\"@midnite_pumpkin: You're the man.We need you as our President. Not a man who gives free money away like candy.We work hard for our money!\"
\"@damiranz: DonaldTrump: Pls don't run for president. If you do and win, the rest of the world would be screwed\" So true, (except friends)!
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: DonaldTrump - I would LOVE..LOVE to see debates between D and (we assume) Hillary. Talk about a PPV event. D is great!\"
\"@NYRLenny:  if you run for President I will go door to door convincing people to vote for you.\"  Thanks!
\"@MasterKA42: So much hate on  . People need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. #Trump2016\" Thank you!
\"@gaylemcconnau:   It would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now\"
\"@SurferBobRaider:  I would vote for you sir. Never again will I vote for a career politician like #Obama. I did, twice. Regret it.\"
\"@SurferBobRaider:    I regret voting for O. I thought he would be great. He's spineless and weak. Worst prez ever. Clearly\"
\"@yourfrehwre: #PayMyBillsChallenge @Beyonce @BillGates  I nominate you\"
\"@MasterKA42:  for president 2016! Please! Our nation needs to be saved!\" I agree!
\"@BloombergTV: \"Anytime you have something on an ocean, a river, or a lake, it's hard to blow it\"  1IJbCWp5HX\"
\"@TrumpScotland: Michael McEwan of Bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet Mr.Trump EqJ8XdLcJp @BunkeredOnline\"
\"@MotivationIdeas: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@MotivationIdeas: In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@soul_of_twit: People I'd pay to see do that bucket thing: Donald Trump, Madonna, Bono.\"
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
\"@ChristopheWheat Great job on the Turnberry Resort Donald!  @TrumpTurnberry in Scotland which I saw this week while in Scotland.\"  Thanks.
Via @chicagotribune by @bob_writes: “@TrumpChicago tower unit sets resale record at $3.99M” cAdCDUmg6d
“Chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up
Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging ; innovative 7,531 yds w/special features YFHjMQBCr9
Towering over trendy Bay Street, @TrumpTO offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multi-angle views ; elite amenities LsmgzNtS6k
\"@crossbowdave My wife, kids and I visited NYC last week. I loved going to the #trumptower. It was beautiful, as I had hoped!\" Great, thanks
\"@whitewolf2226:  @RussComments @yorkv01 Donald, get in there and take control of this nation for us!
\"@CREEutiful   - saw the NYC Trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! Can't wait to go back n see more!\" Great, thanks.
\"@MrVolvo7090 I frequently sport your French cuffed shirts. Fit to a tee and always receive compliments. Very well done #DTCollection\"  Thx.
\"@tiffanypearls It's no secret that  is my hero. Think big. Work #smart\" Thanks Jill, best wishes.
On beautiful Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte offers a state of the art Clubhouse to complement its championship course HEMVkgRkgv
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers high end fashion for men. Dress your best. NDDXt8L7q3
On 800 beautiful acres in Miami, @TrumpDoral boasts 100,000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services G8xI6tr8jQ
\"@cartjake88 your name on the building much ado about nothing. Thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline bhrXmSDsxs\" Thx
46 stories in the center of downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo’s 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows aWONzfoqoW
\"@Maideneer my first time in Chicago. Walking along the river and this was my view. Absolutely stunning hotel! 8wA32X8LDE\" Thx.
\"@SuptSims  it's scary to think we have Obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation!\" Thank you.
“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up
\"@maathewdavis  if Donald puts his mind to it, he’ll have this country in its best spot since Reagan!\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@DonB1957 @JessicahRabbit @troylaneroberts I own half dozen Trump ties. Make the best knots, always look great.\"  Thanks.
The ISIS thug who murdered American journalist James Foley may have been Gitmo detainee RnHnrtA4tv If so, why was he released?
\"@ignacio8787:  @johnyboi509 hope you run for #POTUS and win to shake up #DC and the #Congress we need you\"
\"@yorkv01:  Our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. How are we going to fix this?\" Smarts ; toughness!
\"@heidimac60  @TrumpTowerNY simply amazing!\"  Thank you.
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, @TrumpTowerNY features a 60-ft waterfall W4KUkTER9i
An investment in life, luxury ; leisure, a Trump Nat’l Bedminster membership offers top amenities ; services 8K00dZKjcm
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food ; care!
\"@Technotoaster:  @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?\"Watch
\"@JessicahRabbit: \"@troylaneroberts: Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight! #trumpties og3FzphXeT\" how much?\"
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
\"@maathewdavis:  The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term.\" True.
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:  While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties ; jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.\"
\"@JWill1240: \": \"@ohheyjanelle: Mr.  for President 2016!\"\" PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!\"
\"@BalconyBreeze:  @CahlRStorrie Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly.\" True!
\"@MichaelTMorgan1:  @Honduran  I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now\"
\"@ohheyjanelle: Mr.  for President 2016!\"
\"@CahlRStorrie:  always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice\" Thank you.
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue ; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want ; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.\n -- Theodore Roosevelt
\"@KenCageRepo @TrumpDoral  That is absolutely SPECTACULAR.  Although for the Trumps, its called \"normal\".  Amazing job.\"  Thank you.
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
.@TrumpDoral's golf courses The Red Tiger, The Silver Fox ; The Golden Palm are on track to open later this year 26lWoTp3uA
Est. in 1906, @TrumpTurnberry is home to the iconic Ailsa, @The_Open Championship course four times over fs4PJLpgx6
\"@zshroff @TrumpChicago All the artsy types need to relax. Sign looks great, doesn't take away anything from the city's architecture.\" Thx.
On 59th ; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences Y0M1H2Q52T
On 59th ; Park Avenue, Trump Park Avenue transformed the legendary Hotel Delmonico into 120 luxury residences VJGFwolYKE
#TrumpAdvice 6ZzkczEObm
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, @TrumpGolfLA’s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views L3a3vqaoQc
\"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.\"\n -- Albert Einstein
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
.@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in Virginia, @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality Tas3Dhp9hH
“Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trump” hysDN8MTHc via @EconomicTimes by Kailash Babar
Via @FortuneMagazine by @mcasey1: “Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai” pVHA229OA6
\"@Lane_Pack:  you got my vote.\"
\"@ellenbourque: @Writing4Life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president?\" Just watch!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
\"@Jonesbox:  nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs.\" Very nice, thank you!
\"@DonnieBurner:  = next president.\" I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!
\"@Subb54: Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN\"
\"@Writing4Life197:  Please run in 2016 Mr Trump we need a new commander in chief\"  That's for sure!
\"@SnoopyBarber: it'd be a good thing for USA if  be POTUS in 2016.\"
\"@angelicaerazo_:  is a true entrepreneur indeed. Smart decision maker and a great leader. I admire you, Mr. Trump.\" Thanks!
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
\"@_jaynyc: if it's one person i admire, it'll be  for all the success he's had in his lifetime.\"  Thank you!
\"@NYteeman:  played your spectacular course in westchester; hit it to 1'7\" on 13; awesome hole Jrsoa7ChSS\"
\"@ptarkkonen: \"Without  passion you don't have energy, without energy, you have nothing.\" -Donald Trump #quote\"
\"@AlmightyJuan__: I look like Donald Trump when he made his first 1 million\"  You must be great looking!
Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin
The @TrumpChicago Spa offers 5 star services,12 treatment rooms ; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking  Chicago skyline nCGbxozZ6N
“If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up
Host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship ; 2017 #USWomensOpen, Trump Nat’l Bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf O4bYCBLewo
Via @Reuters by @sumeet_chat: “Donald Trump plans investment in India betting on Modi government” 7hNSKI8eYa
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor ; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - \n  Vince Lombardi
\"@Richp2266:  @SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Plus he has his own water. aS4HdMKqTR\"
\"@MelissaIl:  Hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife.\" Very nice, thanks!
\"@JayGW804: RT : The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain\"
\"@ash_talks: Have to meet  in the morning. Good night.\"
A spectacular lake front club w/  dramatic course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is NC’s top club HEMVkgAhev
.@TrumpNewYork’s 176 rooms  have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of Central Park ; NYC KsrAdCl8sZ
.@IvankaTrump’s @FoxNewsSunday “Power Player of the Week” interview with Chris Wallace SyPAQRw0gi
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
\"@sammyt_77:  you're a true champion Mr. Trump!\"  Thank you.
\"@AkomolafeJoseph:  @Aaron  I have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. Donald Trump is a rare gem.\" Nice!
Sorry, won't be doing Fox ; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
\"@bahia6085:  Saw Show on IVANKA Fox News. Very good. She is a great role model--like you,\" Thank you!
\"@Aaron_Yay: Trump is my new idol. His pastor was Norman Vincent Peale?! #NewThoughtPioneer - Can't wait to read the Art of the Deal.
\"@babalandyy:  you should be the president\" Thanks!
\"@DeannaSpillyard: My Dad, Captain Tom Scott went home to be with the Lord last night. Please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated.
\"@TheAme19:  @RedNationRising And the answer ISN'T Hillary or Pocahontas Warren for $300...\"
\"@TruthGunner: “: \"@dejr5:  Donald Trump ; Ben Carson 2016\" Wow!” I LIKE IT !!! Run Donald, RUN !\"
\"@tweets_business:  wYbBBk197x\"
\"@Kittykatnip1970:  @SaveUSA2014  If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve ; jobs would be created.
\"@PG1701:  Home or abroad, this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases, made things worse.\"
\"@Mega_Murph_: We need smart people like  in office -  he can get America back on it's feet\"
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
\"@dejr5:  Donald Trump ; Ben Carson 2016\" Wow!
\"@wRiTeItNoW.  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt\"
\"@josegonzalez_69:  Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!\"I have said that for many years, bad judgement
\"@hardworkinmane:  u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views.\" I agree
\"@pacsgirl36:  wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:While Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders, Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons.\"
\"@MJB____: I just bought #ArtOfTheDeal and #ThinkBig \" Great, enjoy!
\"@Suhreenaa: Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!\"
\"@mlmpatton:  when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show ; you!\" In the Fall, thanks!
\"@seankesser:   Trump University had 98% approval ratings,beats Harvard, NYU ; other top universities\"
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” - \n  Sun Tzu
\"@gmannn1983  best ties anywhere class all the way\"  Thanks.
Same CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year aX7ihXdcMz  Be careful.
\"Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief\"  2wE9qVjD17
\"@scrt22  for all of your faults, whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account.\" Thanks, sort of!
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
With 18 beautiful holes, each boasting unique characteristics, Trump Nat’l Philadelphia is a Golf treasure PMStADcVl2
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush ; Obama should apologize
Via @nypost by Editorial Board: “New York’s mute @AGSchneiderman” tH2ptCEA0y Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
.@nypost: “Dozens of key staffers fleeing @AGSchneiderman’s office” dG79uRFhSi
\"@dainbramaged_   Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises.\" True.
One of @GolfWorldUS’ top public courses, @TrumpGolfLA's course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf L3a3vqaoQc
The new winner of the @MissTeenUSA pageant K. Lee Graham x93J9wAEQV
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry, I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
\"@nothreeputt You have to admit  was correct, Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni\" So true!
ObamaCare premiums rising 13.2% in 2015 778bc2kJxe Elections have consequences!
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen AdNtgE2NaK
\"@seankesser: @bonn66  @EricTrump Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity\" Thank you!
\"@ShadesOfLilac: RT “: We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.” Completely agree, Mr. Trump.\"
\"@johnyboi509:  for president #2016\"
\"@BoogBannon: Can't wait till  is president\" I don't blame you, things would get really good, really fast!
\"@CMSKPK: Watch out, Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald ; Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal, of course!\"
\"@D1PZ: One of Donald Trump's philosophies: \"If someone screws you, screw them back ten times worse\" I have heard of far worse!
\"@superjessica562: Donald Trump by @MacMiller will forever be one of my favs 💕\"  I understand why!
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, @TrumpTurnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion BVsLbZCx26
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms ; suites @TrumpTO is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto wN2MfNxqbz
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.\n -- Leonardo da Vinci
\"@fuckceciliaa:  I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one.\"
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
The Village @Trump_Charlotte offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining ; catered affairs U2PgqIqENP
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
The ultimate vacation destination, @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind b99NeILc5z
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named the @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week IEzjd4xLft
Via @LasVegasSun by Eugene R. Dunn: “Impeach Obama and elect Trump” 58cvEY6piw
Thank you, @elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the @EricTrumpFdn for @StJude! Click here to donate: jyoblbjNtJ
“Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch
Doctors have already died treating Ebola L9DLh09oib  We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
\"@illusiverealm: Just bought a  tie from @Macys it's beautiful, great style\" Great, they are top quality at reasonable price
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a \"highway\" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
\"@JayGershbein: I agree! MT  Doctor on @NBCNightlyNews agreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients, bring docs to them.\"
\"@Sprkle:  Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH..\"
\"@TheJimLewis: I really like the #Trump collection, quality is outstanding, Feel like a #billionaire wearing it. lKXfxIUwAW\"
\"@JordanManhas:  , Any plans for a trump building in Toronto, Mr.Trump.\" Already have a great one, Trump International hotel
\"@SteveGutzler: In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake, but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
\"@happygirl71929: Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!\"
\"@Coximus2: Oh, Donald. Don't ever change \" I will try not to!
\"@LeAnneLovesArt:  New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection... IxiP7foNjm\" Hello!
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergov
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC, 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building 58VtvH02dW
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
\"@Jon_Senior: Mr Trump sir, how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them?\" All!
\"@jenncase: . for prez 2016 cuz #america\"
\"@AgentSanderson:  I hate myself for following you...\" But you just have no control over yourself, you need Trump so badly!
\"@KrisinAL:  @FrankLuntz Explain? He's a pollster?\"  Yes, but a really bad (and boring) one!
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
\"@TrickyMackey: @Tidmore He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola.\"
\"@rdodd104:  i agree it does seem crazy\"
\"@BerryBrite1:  They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely.\"
\"@NicoleNrouse: Looking forward to my work week in #Chicago and my favorite Rooftop restaurant @TrumpChicago best view! \"
\"@livinginthenorm: I find  and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!\"
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our \"borders.\" Act fast!
\"@tony351952:  U need 2 run 4 office\"
\"@BigBoie7531:  To all the liberal do gooders, this is the Plague you idiots! No cure! @ You may have confidence in the CDC, but I don't!\"
\"@tina_louise_007:  I agree!!!!!\"
\"@NicolasTetrault:  I agree 100%\"
\"@Mrs_VGomez:  Yes !! The government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!\"
\"@BarbaraSMayer:  You are right about the Ebola patients. It's a deadly virus, and they shouldn't bring them to the US.\"
\"@mrstraceyowen:  you want sense ? Listen to  !\"
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore \"leader,\" is grossly incompetent!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad.\"Keep the oil\"
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes ; E bills
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.\n -- Henry Ford
\"@MickyArison  @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral thanks a really nice addition to the Doral neighborhood.\" Thank you.
Obama’s war on women. “Number of Unemployed Women Increased in July by 227,000” k4jrpL5WJ9
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
.@BLTPrimeMiami, @TrumpDoral’s signature restaurant, has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse 3RGCqJtYVu
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,  at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
\"@redskinsgirl23:   @Macys Not more beautiful than @IvankaTrump! She is just soooooo beautiful!\" I happen to agree!
\"@IntegralDevices:  @IR7DJ2 @buffalobills Congrats #NFL good choice\"
\"@IR7DJ2:   @buffalobillsHe knows how to run organizations.Has a proven track record. Most importantly-He's respected\"
\"@pauljmarsico:  @buffalobills Only if the price is right will Mr. Trump make this deal.\"
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
\"@woofeous:  @brasicingbras @Macys I'll admit Trump ties are most beautiful.
\"@IR7DJ2:  advancing to next round of bidding for @buffalobills. He would be #amazing for #NFL and everything in general.
\"@CPow17: Got my first paycheck today. Watch out  I'm right on you're heels\" Great going, work hard!
\"@bethlhoskins:  @MiznerGeek @Macys ; you have INCREDIBLE kids!!! By far your best work \" Very nice, thanks.
\"@brasicingbras @Macys Donald, ever since I switched over to Trump ties from Macy's I can't stop closing deals!!\"  Great!
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
“Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up
Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers a spectacular course, with hill vistas, bunkers and incredible water features. vq05peiBNK
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
From ABC News: \"In Demand: Washington's Highest (and lowest) Speaking Fees\"  by Scott Wilson mHWxX9W5oK
.@TrumpChicago’s river, lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 Star guestrooms YByppBPPJJ
I support K-9’s for Warriors, a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. Please contact tD7WOa23um
\"@theguychief_:  #DonaldTrumpForPresident2016\"
\"@maathewdavis: Got my Dad a Trump tie from Macy's for Father's Day. he loves it. he says it's the best tie he's ever owned!\" Great.
\"@nifkin_juice: @kesjenkins  I know exactly what it is... and you're it\"  Thanks.
\"@StevenSourPatch:  4 President!!!\"
\"@EdmondddN:  #Trump2016\"
\"@MiznerGeek:  You do have awesome ties. I have several. @Macys\"  Thanks.
\"@illusiverealm:  will be our strongest leader since Reagan\" I agree, thanks!
\"@GolfSwingShirt:   I have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot.\"
\"@kesjenkins: If  seriously takes a stab at presidency, I will find a way to work on his campaign. Thanks!
\"@HUveges: Casey/Melissa wedding :) #trumpties Jonathan Truhan, Aaron Butler, Seth Kossin VVDueAw0xs\"
\"@TheMiniFed: Only man qualified to be president in 2016 is \" Thank you-I guarantee that the U.S.A. will be respected again!
\"It takes guts to be a brand. You cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand.\" - Midas Touch
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
\"@scratchhandicap: @Trump_Ireland  About to check in for 3 days!! Driving in as I type! Course looks amazing!  Enjoy!
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
“Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I can’t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @TrumpNewYork provide a sophisticated urban appeal KsrAdCl8sZ
\"@EdwinVSuccess  is example of how Success is earned!!  Everyday is an opportunity to get after it! \"  Thank you.
\"@wwwrvcom @DarrrenRice  Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeople\"  Thanks.
\"@dhesi604  when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome\" 1 year, thanks.
Via @PRNewswire: “Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21”\n  SNrDkUumXs I am proud to be a sponsor!
Watch this tour by @TrumpIntRealty's @M_Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-7uW24pyrq2
\"@dwaters7545 @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful!\" Great, thanks.
\"@UK_MikeP @TrumpChicago  saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem.\" Thank you
\"@FOGzide:  knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country.\" So true!
\"@JGwildcard420: You are truely my hero \" That's great, thanks.
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
\"@Pearcyyy  Even i want you to become the president of the United States and i'm from Britain! #Legend #Trump\"  Cute!
\"@sluggok  Thank You for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.It's much appreciated.\" My honor, thank you.
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
Environmental regulations stop Border Patrol from protecting 40% of the border 4ZuKRMBWt6 A coup for the migrant Democrats.
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
My @FoxNews @gretawire int. on the border crisis, #BringBackOurMarine ; Obama’s ineptitude ; the economy   DZWCy2KisN
Along with two championship courses on the Potomac River, @TrumpGolfDC’s also offers limitless social events  gY4ovFlmHp
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week ; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
Get our Marine out of Mexico. cWPFfbXab7
\"@token_one  I just finished reading your book \"Think Like A Champion\". Great stuff. Positive thoughts, positive actions.\" Thank you.
“Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up
\"@TheBigJamesG  staff at Trump Doral was amazing. Made my visit wonderful. Blue course is awesome. Doral as it should be\" Great, thanks.
The ultimate Golf experience, @TrumpTurnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful Ayrshire coastline fs4PJLpgx6
\"@chapmantew  Saw \" 's Las Vegas hotel. The 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! 7bwN5dRSvT\"  Thank you
Rise high in affordable luxury. Trump Parc Stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces WcTWTdlLK2
\"@RyderCup2014: All we can say is WOW! What would you say?@TrumpScotland #Aberdeenshire tks0pPDXy9\"
\"@jessflorey: A big thanks @JustinRose99, Stephen Gallacher, Johan Carlsson ; @RamsayGolf celebrating @TrumpScotland nzCRmul0Y8\"
\"@KnoxyDiane: What a day at @TrumpScotland  Course is unreal.  f53pYRgUM1\"
\"@jessflorey: What an amazing course @TrumpScotland Got to get yourself there to play. #breathtaking XqP5deZSiC\"
\"@findaGolfbreak: RT@GTJourn Trump International Golf Links Scotland truly stunning Photo by @kaiame @TrumpScotland 0lCN8AWguw\"\"
\"@TrumpScotland: @JustinRose99 prepared for his Scottish Open victory at @TrumpScotland.Check out the video below. Hhc1OGV7zE\"
\"@RickieFowlerPGA: Good fun yesterday slapping it around Trump International Golf Links with @skovy14 and Sammy… pNl5bDPhan\"
\"@IanJamesPoulter: The 18th hole at #Trump Int.Golf Links. This golf course is very impressive and a great test… 8y8DdQqFxs\"
\"@VikesRealist:  Is Obama the worst President ever?\" Top of the list!
\"@Almendarezzz: I don't know if y'all know it but  seriously might be our next president.\" We will soon see!
\"@sluthoee: I know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better Job if you were the president of the United States instead of Obama!\" True
\"@fucksammyy: I want you to be president! \" Thanks.
\"@jakester74:  you should run instead of just talk about it. you'd probably win.\" Remember your words Jake!
\"@LindaBales1: \"@gretawire: . just said, \"Mexico is called the highway to the United States\" #BorderCrisis\"\" True!
\"@BanmalaH: @ProducerGedalia @IvankaTrump  what a timeless classic these two are! Class ; Beauty!\"  Thank you!
\"@Tthac24: I'd vote for \" Thank you!
\"@Bigbabygoulos: What will make you decide to run for President  ? America needs a leader that can guarantee change.
\"@TheHawk4221:  where is Al Gore now! Coolest Summer On Record In The US | Real Science 600N66BiXm\"
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham
Central American presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration JCUSwrR8k6  Obama will soon apologize.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Opening in 2016, Trump Hotel Rio de Janeiro will be a 13-story, 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view gWja7Bg58N
Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!
\"@RealTracyMyers BIG congrats to  on your DC hotel ground breaking.\"  Thank you.
\"@hillerjohn @DonaldJTrumpJr  @IvankaTrump @EricTrump 'good looking family.' \" Thank  you.
.@TrumpScotland provides luxury accommodations ; a championship Par 72 7,400 yd. course. Book your tee time now g2go1LKRHG
\"@atyra63  played Trump Scotland as well as Turnberry...great experience!\"  Great, thanks!
\"@ohhellocelo:  when you take charge Mr Trump, that's when it's gonna change. #TRUMPforPresident !!!!\"
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
\"@DrDannyDegraff: \"@alaina_danielle:  RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry\"
\"@AuthenticBrett: . When is Celebrity Apprentice coming back? Its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired\" In the Fall
\"@jlkelly19:  Beautiful!! Trump National Golf Course. VGDuCYoh5W\"
\"@RyanDodd75: Couldn't help but notice how crispy the  shirts look at Macy's! #clean\"
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion
Along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold, @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck overlooks the City of Lights  SVrPuMUFi4
\"@SmithToddM @TrumpTowerNY after i read The Art of the Deal i made it a goal to visit Trump tower. I visited in 91. Breathtaking.\" Thank you
An architectural landmark, @TrumpTowerNY offers sweeping, panoramic views of Fifth Avenue l2RBqbqusV
“Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - @MuhammadAli
Within the heart of beautiful Somerset County, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 @PGAChampionship O4bYCBLewo
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics ; play!
\"@alaina_danielle:  RUN FOR PRESIDENT MR. TRUMP!!! PLEASE!!? #SaveThisCountry\"
\"@RossBrotherton:  You have to run for President in 2016 and save this country! #please #savethiscountry\"
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- OPO groundbreaking ceremony. Watch- mbBJtsbcZ1
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border ; our servicemen. Boycott!  #freeourmarine
\"@AceWill Just bought 's: Think Like A Champion. Small book, huge motivation.Thank you! bimbP1T6sh\" Thx
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.\n -- Vince Lombardi
“Winners embrace hard work.” - @ESPNDrLou
“Donald Trump: $200 Million D.C. Hotel Will Be Among World’s Best” C6UAYCkdhd via @WNEW
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
\"@britanniagolf  Just played Trump International Scotland… Everyone was thrilled. Fantastic golf course!\"  Thanks.
\"@MargoShear The Donald's going to be saying \"You're Hired\" to lots of people in the District! @wusa9\" True!
Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
\"@LIpokeraddict:  please please please run 2016\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA. What a dysfunctional Administration when Illegal Aliens get free ; better medical care then our Veterans. What a disgrace.
\"@CatheMazanowicz:  God bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! Can't wait for the new hotel! Fabulous, as always.
\"@seaburbia:  @usgsa much like taking over the gov. Ice rink, something will finally get done there as well.\"
\"@DanScavino:  creating jobs in Washington DC ~ while Obama goes fundraising 3K miles away..with major issues taking place
\"@MSchneble:  it's great to see that the Trump name will be in DC\"  Thank you.
\"@aliciaabel81:  Breaking ground in DC today. Trump for President 2016--so much more ground to break! #Trumpforprez\" Thanks!
\"@seankesser: @Ross_7_7 @4politics2 @lonepatrick Trump is a winner. EVERYONE knows that.Some LOSERS don't acknowledge it yet follow him\"
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. @usgsa  q5nAour0Zs
.@TrumpChicago’s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences AiqkAhdfYF
\"@JackEvansWard2 Happy to join  at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office ckp6FlUpUf\"  Thx for being with us!
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.\n  MPI7QYW2r2
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
\"@ShakyStu:  @ayrshirepost @TrumpTurnberry Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!\"
\"@jeddprice:  Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this.\"
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
\"@britanniagolf:  Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients..\" Great, #1 rated course, have fun.
\"@DragonMamba: @steve_hofmeyr \" You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill\"
\"@ayrshirepost:  reveals plans for all-new spa at @TrumpTurnberry resort. Exclusive interview in today's @ayrshirepost\"
\"@JACKYRITTLINGER  @JustinRose99 was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course\"  Justin is a total winner
\"@MelanieNews8: The Donald  is in town. Find out why. @NewsChannel8 this morning.\"
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Thanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
The Trump Spa @TrumpNewYork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms r4jCnLYO9x
Trump Int’l Palm Beach offers an award winning par 72 Championship measuring 7,326 yards. Florida's top course zVTEh9NGya
.@TrumpDoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges 7Tgnnje2eR
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
ObamaCare strikes again. Major insurer announced that over 53,000 New Yorkers will be dropped from their plans G0kgLi10Sh
“It takes guts to win, fortunately, most people don’t have guts!\" -- Donald J. Trump
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
\"@tquoteseday: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump\"
It takes \"guts\" to win!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
\"@McDeLLaware: How would Donald Trump handle Vladimir Putin? skxbin7moS\"  Easily and with good results for U.S.
\"@mormanc Who should be the 2016 GOP nominee? Participate in 1776 Coalition's live Poll. lw88Ut0K3Q vote Donald Trump,president\"
\"@TwitchyTeam: 'Many' say Donald Trump 'world's greatest writer of 140-character sentences' 1bwpku5UQc\"
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying \"The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know\" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
The Donald J.Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys offers top styles in  menswear. Dress your best hotvBi2EpI
A top rated NY course by @GolfDigestMag, @TrumpNationalNY provides award winning services and exceptional facilities sWFmZzb78C
\"@jakekahen  just drove by trim tower in Chicago what a beauty\"  Thank you.
\"@JoePreni:  only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresident\"  I agree!
\"@mikkelmachete:  Take it away, take it away 050URjW3AY\"
\"@gordoncowan: @TurnberryBuzz  Thank u 4 outstanding service ; attention 2 detail 4 the Cowan/Martin wedding on Fri. qjAgvxZhcG\"
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I will be on Fox ; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
\"@JenSwannStyle:  Just had an AMAZING stay at Trump Tower Toronto. Hotel suberb, staff fantastic. Thank you. Will always stay Trump now.\"
\"@BitLegal:  Mr. Trump, America NEEDS you. Be the Reagan to Obama's Carter. Please run for President in 2016.\"
\"@DiveejS:  Your hair is magnificent. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.\" What a nice guy!
\"@foxesden8: Scottish choir coming to New York in January. How would you like Scottish songs sung in the foyer of TrumpTower New York\"  Yes!
\"@WorldReachTech:  @greta The saddest moment in American history was the fact Obama was elected POTUS on broken promises\"
\"@chunkenberry: .  FUTURE PRESIDENT TRUMP! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT MIND TO FIX THIS COUNTRY AFTER 8 YEARS OF NOBAMA\"  I agree!
\"@CarsonMotz:  you are my inspiration.\" Great, thank you.
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson Welles
In beautiful Pine Hill, Trump Nat’l Philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of Philly skyline QlY2hZVAab
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a Champion
The Honolulu accommodations of @TrumpWaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function\n OppgMqK0l0
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\n -- Abraham Lincoln
\"@dianepalmer6997 Drove by Turnberry hotel last night weather excellent, piper playing outside hotel iconic scene, absolutely marvelous\" Thx
\"@Michele_WV:  you are a winner.\"  Thank you.
\"@Youxia88:  @123Jayne Maybe he will \"trump\" the competition.
\"@senators8:  When's celebrity apprentice starting?\"  Just finished shooting - in the Fall.
\"@Hasam_A: “: Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything. -- Vince Lombardi” 👌\"
\"@MiriamScherm: I love your quotes. They inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. I shall FIGHT until I draw my last breathe.\"  Nice.
\"@pandoerra:  had an incredible day at Trump Bedminster. Bravo Mr. Trump\" Great.
\"@123Jayne: That's our President! That's why we need you to run in 2016! I know you would never waste our money! President Trump\"
\"@SGTROCKUSMC82: @usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 F35 fighters or 5 Aircraft Carriers but we got a worthless website\"
\"@cmartinez521: Looking forward to learning from the best  #ThinkBigMakeitHappen bOn3S86RdC\"
\"@TimShurr: In Las Vegas doing a sales seminar. Staying at the trump hotel. Awesome place to stay!  YDtUp01qJZ\"
\"@DavidANicholas: Dinner at the Trump. Thanks  for the great view! 3Hp6NHDbXT\"
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, ; all will be well – Trump Never Give Up
The 48,000 sq. ft. Spa @TrumpDoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments 3O2dtSrf9N
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, ; if you haven’t got any, then you must not have a business to run.
.@TrumpTurnberry's 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of Edwardian tradition and timeless design b1iaD4ZLcb
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.\n -- Vince Lombardi
Congrats to Obama ; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half ; program costs extra $700B+.
“You can always become better.” - @TigerWoods
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
\"@Continuum9112: Wouldn't life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life?\" Interesting!
\"@TAlcornVan:  You got my vote! But please don't make the middle class suffer more! I have complete faith in you Donald!\"
\"@TAlcornVan: @Yung_Sherm  I would vote for him! IN a heartbeat!
\"@abbeylynnmangus: I'm seeing many tweets about  for President. Lets roll with that!\"
\"@josephangel247: Without Passion you don't have Energy..without Energy you have nothing#Donald Trump\"
\"@BizNashMan:  \"@utennjock: please run for President.We need someone to save our country!\"REALLY? 8pe6blE41V\"
\"@EpicBeardDude:  Yes,  please please run for President. And please please make @SarahPalinUSA your running mate. PLEASE\"
\"@mikeymerciless: Donald Trump for President! \" Thank you.
\"@kenziewilliams_: DonaldTrump needs to to be the next president. Only person I can even think of that could fix such a f*ucked up nation\"
\"@TheDougGrant:  Good advice for Romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen.\"
\"@utennjock:  please run for President... We need someone to save our country!\"
\"@SchuetzKatie: Please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! Please America needs you!!! #Donaldtrump #president\"
\"@Nardokids: @TrumpSoHo  Amazing. The people you hire for design are incredible\"  Thanks.
\"@BenMccormick17:  My cousin is getting married at your Club in Mooresville on April 25 2015. Tell them congratulations!
\"@mwz524: Nobody knows location location location like  beautiful view from \"the terrace\" in Chicago Q7DB1AFkE3\"
“Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein
The acclaimed @TrumpChicago soars 92 stories high. You’re either staying in @TrumpChicago or in its shadow. 2mPwSPrDtz
\"No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum.\" - Trump: How to Get Rich
Awarded the prestigious 2014 @ForbesInspector 5-Star Guide @TrumpToronto is located in beautiful downtown Toronto fYkaNCqPLh
The best vision is insight.\n -- Malcolm Forbes
John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
\"@SciFreitag: : \"I believe in one thing only, the power of human will\" #PresidentTrump2016\"
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Designed by @jacknicklaus, Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point's 18-hole course sits by the Bronx's Whitestone Bridge QK4hmyw2yf
.@TrumpNationalHV features wide open pristine fairways, tour caliber greens, 64 strategically placed sand bunkers EiqAiz9NmG
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
“Trump: Illegal Immigrants Are Getting Treated Better than Vets” rYy1nnSRDp \n  via @nro by @AndrewE_Johnson
On stunning Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland features a classic Scottish link threaded through the dunes f4uOkka43U
Rickie Fowler @therealrickiefowler Instagram photos | Websta r3Gb5tTnnX via @websta
\"@Paula_White: There is HOPE!! Thank God- #HopeForToday podcast- interview guest  4DUe9k6r5f\" Paula is a winner!
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago
\"@ursulacurtin:  @cantget300 Hands off - we need him as President here in Ireland - he has the golf club here so that's a start!!!!\"  Cute!
\"@cantget300:  Donald Trump for president!!!!\"  Great idea!
\"@jomi101:  I love t recent pole showing Obama as the worst pres and Bush as t 2nd worst since WWII lol!!!\"
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
\"@DerrickFawley:  Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill”\"
\"@joella_clements:There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt Tahmooressi Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine\"\"
\"@ThaSugarMaker:  It seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. Wether we want to hear it or not...\"
\"@devhop:  they renamed it Climate Change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes.\"
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
\"@HOGdallas:  played Trump Scotland last Tuesday, weather and course - OUTSTANDING !!\" Thanks.
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
\"@JoeSillett: Only followed  from across the pond for a couple of weeks, but his use of @twitter is superb. #ManOfThePeople\"
\"@jimjacobs18:  are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? :)\" A very good question!
\"@DannyJones1967:  trump for presidant! I've waited years for this to happen! #Trumpknowsbest\"
\"@nucmedman1:  our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown.\"  True.
\"@mattdykstraMIZ:  Please run for President. I will gladly work on your campaign.\"
\"@ASRteamMatt:  Now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground.
\"@asa_willi8: After watching fox this morning, I'm convinced that  should run for President!\" Thanks.
\"@JenPinSD: @WSHEMP  donald trump for president!\"
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
\"@JUrciuoli19:  hoping NBC announces a premiere date of Apprentice today at press tour! Everyone misses the show. Soon.
\"@meenah83: . Now I really hope u're contesting for that seat in the \"White House\" come 2016.\"  Watch!
\"@AgusCalo:Every time that somebody ask me about my future I always say: \"I want to be like Donald Trump\". You're such an inspiration\"Thanks
\"@tahanna: @cs522 @StdyeddyD Mr Trump, even the trolls hang on your every word! They pretend to despise you! Ignore, keep inspiring!\"
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
\"@cs522:  @StdyeddyD LOL~ \"Everything in life is luck.\" Donald Trump\"  I never made this ridiculous statement.
\"@jonhinck: Oh , surely if you had been elected president the United States would still reign supreme.\" 100% certain!
\"@StdyeddyD:  Mr Trump rocks. I wish I had the money to play his great Golf Courses. He epitomizes success.\"  Work hard!
\"@VernaCarre:  right move, right time for you. Typical of your intelligence and business sense.\" Great timing.
\"@bigcorpny:  yah AC ended when you stopped loving it!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
My @BreitbartNews’ @biggovt editorial: “‘A COUNTRY THAT CANNOT PROTECT ITS BORDERS WILL NOT LAST” hYA9V8KaX8
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.\n  -- Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\n -- Winston Churchill
Via @CBSLA: \"Donald Trump Fights To Keep Large American Flag Flying At Southland Golf Course\" 5ob1iFajzP
On the luxurious Palos Verdes Peninsula @TrumpGolfLA features @GolfWorldUS' top public course ; elite restaurants KnZBqhH9Fi
My @IngrahamAngle interview on the border crisis, USMC Tahmooressi ; my fight for the American flag J7avRbuatc (15:00 mark)
\"@ShaniquaManning                        @TrumpWaikiki It looks like you've outdone yourself Donald. Beautiful property!\"  Thanks!
\"@gregglink  Amazing building and love the new sign! Kp5ntVlAoU\"  Thank you.
\"\"@zraph  @PMA1048 Can't wait to go back. Best Hotel in Chicago!\" Thanks.
\"@cwjaccount @MichaelGreen77   WHY are we sending money to Mexico?  We all know where it will end up.\" True--a total waste!
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief...
\"@mrsdurkinmuses  Just asked frequent Las Vegas visitor where to stay.  He said @TrumpLasVegas \"  Thanks.
\"@J58golf  Phil Mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with Rich Lerner.\" Thanks
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
\"@Mr_Hawk440:  your daughter would be great on The View. Why not someone interesting for once ?\" Now that would really work!
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
\"@RonGreenJr: Trump has reason to be proud of his Trump International Scotland course. Spectacular setting, great fun. The Donald delivered\"
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
\"@VerumVulnero1: I dig the Trump Chicago sign. Say whatever you want about ...he builds beautiful buildings.\".So true!
\"@TBuffT:  @TheNickSutton @theviewtv Hearing Rosie's name makes me nauseous! Seeing her face makes me puke! Cant imagine WATCHING her!\"
\"@jeff_smith7:  Maybe Perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the Rio Grande to lure Obama to see the border?\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:We should be placing tariffs on Mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the American taxpayer;secure the border
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\n -- Albert Einstein
“Don't fight the problem, decide it.” – General George C. Marshall
“You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion
“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up
Honolulu’s best @TrumpWaikiki features a dozen distinct tropically decorated Hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts AcJoKRLEZy
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country ; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
\"@TheNickSutton How does  feel about Rosie back at @theviewtv?\" They are desperate--a short term fix!
\"@kyleraccio  thank you for fighting for our marine!\"  You're welcome.
\"@Welles19 2016 = too late. America won't survive another 12 months of this lawless O regime ; @gop cowards.\" That's what comebacks r about.
\"@PMA1048  not sure what the fuss is about, I think the sign looks great! AogrJQna6e\" Thanks.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
My conversation from ON THE RECORD   @Gretawire HMF9hrj1I7
\"@JeniferStevens @danarigdon Every Trump property I've seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection\" Great, thank you.
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine ; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
Central America's tallest building, @TrumpPanama’s sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind 92lmC5gk6M
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting ; inappropriate.
\"@KaelaDianne97: The only way to fix our country's mess is  for president in 2016! HE IS THE SMARTEST AND MOST CAPABLE MAN!
\"@ericleebow:  Hopefully after 6 years, you still have it in you. A vote for Trump, is a vote for a champion.\" Thanks
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
\"@L0RDG4G4:  Rosie back on @theviewtv ? What do you think about that, Mr. Trump?\" She will self destruct, as she always does
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have \"it\"
\"@ErikEstrada:  @MikeMcLeod14 Mr. Trump - I agree with you and your stance on the American Flag waving proudly over the golf course.Gracias\"
\"@mopo55: My son's high school graduation present. Guess where he wanted to go! Trump National of course! 8vOlwbw0iH\" Great!
\"@SvenGunn: We played Trump Int'l last year. Spectacular golf course. Caddy Alan Neal made the day.  VZK7XMuyYW\"
\"@userback:  @IMill5 What do you say Donald? Run for President???\"
\"@seaopdet1: Stand up and help us Trump!!! Please!!! Someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!\"
\"@txblondegrad:  @IMill5 I'd vote for Trump in a heartbeat. No question.\" Good decision.
\"@IMill5: Why can't  run our country? The man knows his stuff!!\"
\"@reginafrye69:  Thankyou for supporting our #MarineHeldinMexico #FREEOURMARINE Yes #Obama could do something\"
\"@ry_connolly:  telling it like it is on Fox News right now, Mexico is spitting in Obama's face and he does nothing #legend\"
\"@Scalplock:  says it. Stop sending money to Mexico until Marine freed. #tcot #PJNET\"
\"@linnie13:  Very good points made tonight on Greta.\"
\"@TBuffT:  on @gretawire \"When was the last time something positive has happened in this country?\" Hmmmm....So true\"
\"@MikeMcLeod14:  You were great on Greta tonite. Thanks.
\"@JDMixon:  Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100%\" Thanks.
\"@awlove4ever: After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
\"@JustinRose99: Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. #Trump… OGe0lri0f9\"
\"@twins44:  I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules\"
\"@swraley: If  runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera\" True.
\"@kennymchardy  visited Balmedie yesterday for @TaylorMadeTour day, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18\"  Thanks Kenny
\"@stu_manley played trump international today, unbelievable course, decent mode of transport to t55qGMgPGj\" Thanks Stuart.
\"@PhilStephen @JustinRose99  sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...\"  Thanks Phil.
\"@daveforsyth67 @JustinRose99 @TrumpScotland Best layout I've ever played!\" Thanks David, so nice.
\"@JustinRose99 Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing.\" Thanks Justin, play well this week.
\"@tedbishop38pga The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it \"Majorly\" Thx Ted, enjoy!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Featuring @BLTPrime ; Palm Grill, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options YDhg340pXq
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, @Trump_Charlotte has a superb clubhouse ; top amenities y04JVKFsAN
In the heart of midtown New York @TrumpTowerNY is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily LXpZXXBdhk
\"@sperzelgal  thanks for your inspiration keeping things real\"  Thank  you.
“As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
\"@noelill: @TMZLive They should get @rosie and  on @theviewtv I would watch it everyday.\" Cute!
\"@GoodGuyKuchar: Keep fighting for the #American flag !\" I will!
\"@johnathonm:  @nsaidian already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago\" USA NEXT!
\"@wwwabcSignsBIZ:America needs a proven leader ; successful businessman to get us back #HeresyourSign #Trump2016 #USA 5ZJyOpUbxW
\"@RickShielsPGA: The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today!  Such an experience! 9pNc33EVvu\" Thanks
\"@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion 😍💰 IFuehnQfUM\"
\"@TweetMyJobs: \"In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@DaBostonFan:  if you were in office you would do everything right.\" True.
\"@ThatTangoRhythm:  have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016\"
\"@The_Glansberg:  for Prez!\"
\"@_MikeSSmith: I'd vote for  in 2016.\" Thanks.
\"@beuka23  recently stayed in your hotel in Vegas...it's beautiful my wife and I loved our stay!!\"  Great, thanks.
High above the city, @TrumpLasVegas’ pool deck mixes business ; pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold vtEcA3vNZ4
“Set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Opening in 2016, @TrumpVancouver’s original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. ; 63 stories HkCL1rs6Ke
Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB;I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
\"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.\" -- Steve Jobs
“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
\"@DatDudeHead: We've got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. Calling President Trump\"
\"@chargermike41:  @BackOnTrackUSA wtf. Free to the immigrants? But the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:Imagine how much tax money it will cost Americans when Obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens;gives them free ObamaCare\"
\"@MarkCannizzaro: Just played 's Scotland course. Verdict: Fantastic. Dispelled all biased anti-Donald chatter I'd heard.\"
\"@MarkCannizzaro: If you r lucky enough to play Trump Aberdeen Scotland make sure you get @dbeattie53 to loop for you. #bestcaddieinthebarn\"
\"@DumbRandy: God bless you  #bestinTheBusiness\"
\"@FSMalang: \"Show me a man without an ego and I'll show you a loser\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@workwithKG: \"Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing\". - Donald Trump - So very true!
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Your tax dollars well spent. Over 1.295M ObamaCare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants VE85kBl3VT  Are you surprised?
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Historic Change! Obama has spent over $44M of our money on travel expenses, the most for any president cOu4hHarD4
Via @dallasnews’ @neighborsgo by Heather Noel: Shelton School graduate receives handwritten note from Donald Trump mzEIagrIbs
NYC’s sole hamman, the bi-level @TrumpSoHo features indoor ; outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services rNuggSkYaB
\"@Mashawwwws They say read a book it'll make you smarter. I say read a book by  and you become more intelligent.\" Thanks.
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
\"@CarrGaz  believes Trump Turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world.\"  True, easy.
\"@meander2011 Mr Trump please treat Turnberry GC with respect. Hearing about the Lighthouse and your plans......it's iconic...\"  I will!
\"@k940creed:  saw the #trump building in Vegas today. BEAUTIFUL! Chicago is still my favorite!\"
\"@stutskey: Thanks  for putting my name on the top of the TV screen when I turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas\"
\"@dgeurtt: Reading #ThinkLikeAChampion by  - THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL PERSON! Thank you Mr. Trump\" Thank you.
\"@Halesy74: Just watched the CNN living golf segment. Interesting interview and Trump International course was looking spectacular!!\"
\"@TalismanJohnnyA:  Great way to start Monday today D, tellin' it like it is.. We need somebody in office like...um... YOU?\"
\"@LynneOakvik: RT @40billion: Donald Trump Proves Hair Is Real | Interview | --In case you were wondering... OZ5BBDkHzu\"
\"@Atlanta_Event: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - \"
\"@not_that_actor:  If ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess, now’s the time, DJ! Q7E9myCA25\" True!
\"@Manruss:  @BackOnTrackUSA It was \"helping\" Iraq that caused this problem in the first place.\"
\"@your_cousin:  only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. Trump 2016\"  I agree!
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:  And we shouldn't help Iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil, guaranteed in writing.\"
\"@woofeous:  Typical, I bet the Dems will \"surrender\" the oil over to the Russians ; Chinese as payment for our debts, etc.
\"@AdelBMoufarrej: Mr. Trump, you are avoiding the responsibility of running for President since the nineties. Be patriotic and run..\" Watch!
\"@automobilelens: If \"The Donald\" were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! Try to Trump that cowboys!\"
\"@kornegay_danna: We have a bunch of idiots running the Government! Why Americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me\"
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone,  including the haters and losers!
\"@MadinahTamer: Please run for president this country needs true leadership \" Thank you.
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
\"@kingcamsmith:  please run in '16 Kentucky is ready to support you!!\" Thanks.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\n -- Abraham Lincoln
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
\"If you want to be successful, two important considerations are passion and efficiency.\" - Think Like a Champion
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course\"  Thank you.
With an elite course designed by @SharkGregNorman, @Trump_Charlotte is North Carolina’s most desirable club gUyXtGjvHd
Offering two championship courses, @TrumpGolfDC has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp 0YLXb0gtiT
via American Spectator  @AmSpec \"Trump Card\" by Jeffrey Lord  Ba1TzPXJ89
\"@TV_BD  what's the best advice to be successful in business?\" Have passion for your work. Then focus and never give up.
\"@Cannestrader74  I find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. It is proving invaluable so thank you.\" Great, thx
\"@WestonT7 The tower looks beautiful Donald. Best building in the city hands down! Love what you do! H6flBdvIVx\"  Thank you.
\"@CaledonianGolf: Also good to see  not being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner.\"
“Donald Trump unveils vision for @TrumpTurnberry” utITLy38bm via @BunkeredOnline by @MMcEwanBunkered
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.\n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
.@guardian_sport by @mrewanmurray:“Donald Trump’s transformation will make @TrumpTurnberry Open worth the wait” seZiDfH2LU
Via @BBCScotland: “Donald Trump's name 'will boost @TrumpTurnberry '” Inznh7M187
\"@HeartSurvivor07:  Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius\"
\"@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC  was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome\"
\"@michelleazulll: “: Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.”\"
\"@billkellyemail:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
\"@bahia6085: @OFFICIAL_YL  @TrumpNewYork @TrumpToronto What's there to debate?\"
\"@stevesipress: RT : Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, nobody  else will!
\"@jenna_w: My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
\"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!\" The Art of the Deal\"
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
\"@billkellyemail:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of Chicago have left!\"
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.  Muhammad Ali
\"@DISTRICTLAND14  We know a fourth-grader who thinks he's the next Trump!\"  Tell him to work hard!
Awarded the renowned 5-Star @ForbesInspector rating, the 65-story @TrumpTO brings style, luxury ; impeccable service h94nmJ1qyx
\"@HeyWNY @The_Open  let's get Turnberry back in the rotation. Mr Trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. Doral\" Thanks
\"@AdamWebz Can't wait to get to play @TrumpTurnberry...been on my list for a long time.  Awesome job\"  Thanks--you will love it!
\"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about @WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!\" The Art of the Deal
Make your NYC getaway memorable -- @TrumpNewYork provides both true luxury and top access to Midtown West  IbLO0BnptA
\"@MatthewJEllis2                       BREATHTAKING!! Finally Trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation's capital. Sir well done\" Thanks
\"@ashleyheerding My favorite sky scraper in New York so far has definitely been Trump Tower. Such a classy ; timeless design. Great job\" Thx
Trump Int’l Washington D.C. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in ; enjoy Opening 2016 vrJsHW63Za
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
\"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.\" Steve Jobs
\"@retog_rick @TrumpTurnberry Congratulations!  Great feat accomplished.  Well done, can't wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue\" Thx
\"@starlight10:  @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland You should run for President of USA!\"
\"@DouglasSeacat1: Where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds?\" So true!
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties, including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
\"@wrcosentino @TrumpTowerNY was there for the 1st time last week, beautiful bldg inside too!!\"  Thanks.
\"Have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time.\" - Think Like a Champion
A testament to American ingenuity @TrumpTowerNY shines over Fifth Avenue as one of NYC’s most iconic buildings X4AqbiovV5
\"@SPE_Mike  I live here in Chicago and I love it!!! Your building is amazing as is your sign!!\"  Thank you.
\"@steamboatgal8:  Your my fav for 2016\" Thanks.
\"@phemale61: @MattBinder  Run Trump Run!!\"
\"@AveryChasten:  If not you, then who? #2016 #nooptions\"
\"@redslightning:  country needs the right person for the job there's only one! trump 2016\" Thanks.
\"@Tehouchins:  Then PLEASE run for president!\"
\"@KyleWeaverr:  When is the Celebrity Apprentice coming back? I'm going through withdrawal! #soonplease\"  Soon!
\"@GreggScharin: We need you to push the issues that this country is facing, no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #TrumpCarson\"
\"@jpleevs: Love the sign . well done. cLUNZp8Hvu\"
\"@laineyk251: It was a pleasure to meet you today Mr.Trump, wishing the very best with Trump international Doonbeg YOp2qzp9NL\"
\"@nmoran361:  Powerful book , thank you!!! z3FtsmGCr4\" Great.
\"@THENobodySpcl:  but can you get him to stop sucking at his job?\"  That would be, sadly, impossible.
\"@robbmack17: Cracking day at Trump International Links Scotland yesterday. What a place to play golf! Loved it.  2HxQPml9bJ\"
\"@realmattshroyer: Best looking building in Chicago. We enjoyed our stay greatly. I like the new \"TRUMP\" addition.  7QHjPA0ERR\"
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't.
\"@dmolesevich:  you are the only person that can beat Hillary\"  Many are saying that, interesting!
\"@MitchConnor4:  after watching the roast of you I can confirm you are ready to be president!\" It was fun, thanks.
\"@DAmicoJ03: I can't understand people who dont like  .. Must be because he's got everything anyone wishes they had.\" Thanks
\"@MSantiago70:  please run for president! Your the only one for the job\"
\"@onlinebizxpress: We LOVE your business updates and insights. Don't waste your energy on politics. Business is where you shine.\"
\"@dmolesevich: I know who I'd endorse and give my money In a heartbeat and that's  please run!\"  Thank you.
\"@Hohummm:  Looks spectacular p9cCwWqd52\"
\"@tx_shaun:  Another masterpiece Donald!\"
\"@NewsWriter2:  @4enzicTom: Newspaper: 'We Were Wrong' To Endorse Obama; He's Even Worse Than George Bush UmF9SfdBMt\"
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is @TrumpChicago in #Transformers 3. Ez0fefQZ0D
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI  Welcome back in Europe ! #Barcelona #Europe\"  Thank you.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.\n -- Jack Welch
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
#TBT Filming an Oreo commercial with Eli Manning, Peyton Manning and Darrell Hammond- FhYbJY3cGQ
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
After these spirited primaries are over, @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obama’s agenda.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley: “Trump-Backed Candidate @leezeldin Wins NY GOP Primary” tBoaJvpcP6
.@BretBaier’s newly released book ‘Special Heart’ brings a message of hope. All sales donated to heart charities 27tK90cuKo
Exclusively @Macys, The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection features the best ties ; shirts at the best prices.  vRkl8bMJ7g
Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so, I told you so.
…In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element…
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes ; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
America's top public course @TrumpGolfLA’s greens on Palos Verdes Peninsula have been celebrated by @GolfMagazine D9rH0BwM7f
\"@David_Bossie: -backed Candidate Wins NY GOP Primary dhHpb7cPpe via @Newsmax_Media
“Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.”  -- @CoachJoeGibbs
It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
\"@_Meagann:  will we see Celebrity Apprentice again soon? I love that show!\" Yes, just finished shooting.
\"@GeneralGCuster:  @Surajlalla  It's time to start your political career. The people want you to run.\"
\"@vfroe: // I'm over 70 and have never seen such , arrogance, incompetence and Ill -intentions as this President and his aids.
\"@Surajlalla: “: \"Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To\"
\"@TAGIII:  @mfinale1 Explain why BHO rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a Mexican jail?\"
\"@BenTrolling: I truly think @Forbes underestimates 's actual net worth\" That's true, and they do it knowingly - who cares!
\"@KPPhotography38:  Donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! I loved your sign in Chicago. #trumpforpresident\"
\"@ProfilesChatter:  @wftragni If Trump can control his crazy, then it's a go . He can make the U.S. great again.\"Is no crazy
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
\"@HearUsNowUSA1: “: \"@rhino848484  in Chicago on a business trip. I love seeing the Trump name!!\" Thanks!”
\"@GrecoCh I love how my kids know who  is but have no clue who our PM is. So what if we're Canadian. # NothingWrongWithThat\"
\"@sonnyhhunter:  just got a phone survey about your sign in Chicago - love it ; the beautiful building it's on. Well done.\"
\"@woofeous:  Quote: \"Some Succeed Because They Are Destined To, But Most Succeed Because They Are Determined To\"\"
\"@mfinale1: #Bringbackourmarine let's do this America. BOYCOTT MEXICO  UGLsJPa2hB\"
\"@Lizzieliz__: #Chicago #Trumptower  afES4CxrPg\" Great building.
\"@GZervs: All I want for my birthday is for  to wish me a happy birthday!\"  Happy birthday.
\"@BenTrolling:  @Wil_Johnson1 You are a king maker Don!\" True!
\"@rhino848484  in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!!\" Thanks!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail ; perfection wRVyIzdLsz
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.\n -- Mark Twain
In the center of Ireland’s rugged west coast, @Trump_Ireland offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa DdIgs42aqM
\"@wftragni:   to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate.\"
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
\"@AStock1058  looking to open my own businesses. Any advice you can give on that subject?\" Find something you love doing--; never give up!
Another cover-up. Obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country h8WhM3htvF No surprise.
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
\"@brendakenesonwe @NYDailyNews: I've done hair since I was 14, that's real not a rug!\" True, thanks (but they know it--dishonest press)
\"@BlutoGrandex Know how u can tell Trump is successful? Almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them\" Interesting!
\"@BirdieFireGolf  @TrumpGolfDC  for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... GW2Vthq2jI\" My honor!
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong, he is smart ; he wants things to change in Washington.
Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
\"@AziziJoe_7:  go for it Sir!!!\" Just watch!
\"@SoyerJanis: DonaldTrump @InTheElections @NYDailyNews Please don't mess with us again, please run ; don't change your mind. We need you\"
\"@InTheElections: @TheRealHOodRept  The Obama administration is the American disaster, TRUMP 2016 is the solution.\" So true!
\"@KevinHite:  Im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re: Seth Meyer. Terrible ; feel embarrassed for him. Awkward!
\"@InTheElections:  @NYDailyNews It seems democrats are incapable of honesty, especially where you are concerned, afraid of you. TRUMP 2016!\"
\"@SoyerJanis:  @gretawire I wish  would run 4 President, we NEED HIM! if he cares enough about this Country he will run.\"
\"@dexcaliber:  I have to confess, I think the Mr. Trump would have been a much better President then this fool we hav in office now.\"
\"@DonCaasi: \": Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you. -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag\"\"
\"@D The government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. Now they go through Mexico. Wish DonaldTrump was in charge\"
Flashbk – “Trump: ‘I would build a border fence like you have never seen before’”4xeMNWrSb8 via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.\n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
Must read @nypost editorial on $40M NYC taxpayer settlement to Central Park Thugs -- \"Wilding for Profit\"  0gE8Jhipd7
\"@jimrcottage @timbdickson  @sternshow He was on Howard Stern last week.  Awesome interview!\" Thank you.
\"@ProVentures Excited to hear what Trump has in store for #Turnberry. If anything like @TrumpDoral we are in for a treat!\" It will be great!
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying, said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  ; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about \"human rights problems\" and this as everything is being blown up around him
\"@nikkio: DonaldTrump. The Turnberry is your global Crown Jewel...Anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their \"must visit\" list.\"
\"@gabtrojan:  surely an amazing thing for America if you run the country. Great mind at work!\"  Would make U.S. great again!
\"@MorganssCool:  please run for president! You have my vote.We need more people like you in this world!! You're a great man!
\"@Lorde_Erc: Wish I had hair like \" Great taste!
\"@wwtcorp: \": The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. YGUU9BGaYo\"\"
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
\"@algiers4:  @Reinosooo YOU ARE THE LIGHT. THE ONLY HUMAN WHO CAN GUIDE THIS NATION TO THE EAGLES WINGS AND LANDS BEYOND!!!\"
\"@AKD72:  I bet you will make hell of a president,  the world needs presidents like you\"
\"@mrkhanm87: Everyone wants to be Donald Trump, yet no one knows what he has been through in past. No one wants to accept the hard work.\"
\"@MissionH0tr0d:  If you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016\" Thanks.
\"@Reinosooo:  are you serious about being president? I have a lot of faith in you.\"  Thank you.
\"@wftragni:  for president! If anyone can turn this country around its you Donald!\" True.
I will be on Fox ; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!
\"@dsmerza: Hello Donald I have looked up to your success in business relations, since I was a teenager. I am a small business owner.\"
\"@BeatsByRay:  Donald you're the man\"  Thanks!
\"@AboutTheRock:  I just started reading Trump 101 it's a great book Mr.Trump.\" Terrific!
\"@AboutTheRock: Who do I look up to? The answer is Donald Trump.\"  Thank you, work hard and smart.
\"@jacquelynileneh: RT @teamhealthnut: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will always be a hit.\"  I agree!
\"@DarkPig2: @Anggitalestari1  America and the world needs a smart strong,patriotic leader,Mr Trump is that man.\" I agree!
\"@DustinDeMoss:  I disagree with you on A LOT of things but you're spot on on the 5.\" Well finally!
\"@moflatley: Were likely paid w/ public funds for original services, now likely to get nearly half of settlement….#doubledipping\"
\"@CoreyKotowski:  they are laughing on their way to the bank.\"
\"@jmagiera:  right on, donald! your tweets on the Cent. Park 5 are the truth!\"
\"@RiskyLiberal:  Donald, you are the smartest man ever, and the most visionary!\"  Thanks!
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their \"clients\"
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
\"@BROONEYBROONEY:  love your thoughts and opinions on the Central Park 5!
\"@abdulmalikm103:  @WhiteShaunwhite Donald Trump will serve a Positive Government if Elected president.\"
\"@nyrr: #Queens10k #funfact: Former Queens residents include  Martin Scorsese @JuddApatow and Nancy Reagan!\"  Great place!
\"@Rhumeey: . Bluntness is thy name oh Donald Trump!.....you call it as it is, regardless whose ox is gored.\"
\"@tx_shaun  I think Rahm Emanuel really likes the sign, he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him
\"@judibluiz99:  I Love the new letters! Very classy! 0c8XCC150C\"
\"@WhiteShaunwhite  I salute Your courage and work Sir! You possess All the Entrepreneurial and Leadership Qualities. Y not Run for President
\"@jperk1:  Goldberger was a loser\"  True, really bad taste - but he's gone now!
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
\"@GlennHowerton: SX5gs0dwpW RT .@MissCassie1230:  for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!\" True!
\"@Natasha_tut13:   I like to read your tweets and I am delighted with you, intelligent, decent, strong man!\"  Thanks.
\"@JasonSiskCRE:  Very impressed with Trump Tower Vancouver. Nicely done, sir. wSsya15xV1\"  Great building-thanks
\"@replicatemedia: Mr Trump, You were Excellent on Howard Stern! It is time that America is Rebuilt on a Renewed Foundation of Capitalism!\"
\"@Lady_Laurettina:  I admire you so much! :)\"  Thanks.
\"@oddi_donovan_99: You're a big thinker, and one of a kind... go for President of USA  .
\"@HouseMusicTV: You were amazing on @HowardStern last week, WELL DONE, you have our vote, for what ever ! \"
\"@_MHall:  Flew through LGA on Friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. To bad LGA is such a dump. Not a great welcome to NYC\"
\"@ashk  I'm in NYC for the first time.. Probably gonna visit Trump Tower. Will you be in town? I need to meet my roll model\"
\"@Munkykracker: “: \"@footballguru99:  Love the sign!!! 3Y4ex52AyJ\"”&gt; LoL\"
\"@cliffwf:  love the sign in Chicago. Its got class.\"
\"@footballguru99:  Love the sign!!! 3Y4ex52AyJ\"
\"@chiefsnation25:  I love u your the man!!!! Great interview on @sternshow
\"@MissSariBrooke  I'm going to Chicago next week and I'm def going to get a pic with the new TRUMP sign! #chicago #trumpsign
\"@BrianGirardot:  @jijassim Greatest sign in all of Illinois!!!\"
\"@chriswerner1988:  It even lights up?? That's so HOT #Bestchicagosign\"
\"@sdnc13:  when you do the things you've done you can put your name on it!!!\"  Thanks.
\"@konk65:  great visit on Howard Stern this week. I can't wait for your next visit! @sternshow
\"@TFleming11:  @jijassim Lived in Chicago all my life. Sign looks great!\" Thanks.
\"@katiemacla:  @jijassim One of the best hotel stays I've ever had in the world. Superb, all around! #bravo #chicagosbest\"
\"@ipod_jay:  @carlideibel7 You'll make a great president\" Thanks.
\"@DavidKobzeff1:  can you please be Obamas replacement\" Interesting way of putting it!
\"@hockey_brenna13: Listening to  on the Howard Stern Show....what a guy!\" @sternshow
\"@jazminvgarcia: I am seriously afraid for our country. People don't realize the U.S is headed for economic destruction. \"
\"@zglittergirl: @lisa6654 @shellipep  ppl tweeted him ; begged him not to cast her. I wont watch this season.\" Yes you will!
\"@scott23youmans: If you run, I will vote for you. If you don't, shame on you.  Be cool!
\"@splashmediabstn:  I love the sign!
\"@jimrcottage:   @sternshow Mr. Trump you were witty, respectful, entertaining and as Howard said just a down to earth guy!\"
\"@wisegirlsrule:  @TrumpChicago I find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!\"
\"@carlideibel7:  Run for president\"  Thanks Carli.
\"@jijassim: Love the sign #chicagoproud  hCFTbsFVuM\"  Thanks.
\"@Helpful_Karen:T R U M P in lights ! Never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com/Chicago/ @IvankaTrump  Great job!
\"@Domeski1981: @GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  what a place mate. Loved it.\"
\"@jdmcc: I feel weird ab it but  was on @HowardStern this morn ; I surprisingly liked him a lot. Dudes got his shiz together
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called \"leader\"
Listen – my Citizens United Political Victory Fund robo-call for @leezeldin zMtwD13KnW #zeldinforcongress
The @AmSpec interview by Jeffrey Lord: \"A TRUMP CARD - The Donald talks politics and parenting.\" r6Oseg7S1m
MUST READ! My @chicagotribune editorial: \"I love Chicago ... and my sign!\" m399hDNrhR
From the Wall Street Journal: \"Google Steps Into Autism Research\" re @autismspeaks BpEeB6BxGM
“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones
\"@tomhovland1:  @Poppawub No one else can beat Hillary except you D. Trump !\"  I agree!
\"@TrumpChicago: Great to hear! “@GolfTravelerBOS:  My wife is at @TrumpChicago right now and loving her room. Top notch”\"
\"@krdevine:  very excited to see what the future holds for the new Trump Turnberry. Any clues?\"  It will be GREAT!
\"@Poppawub: People please! Although I would support Trump, he will never run for President (fact), why would he ever be so stupid!\"Just wait
\"@Gunny44:  @CarrollGroupCHI @TrumpChicago classic lettering gives it a good classy feel\"  Thanks.
\"@Gil_Delgado:  - We just spent 3 nights ; golfed at your Aberdeen Scotland resort and loved everything! Great!
\"@TrumpDoral: Wishing Trump National Doral Member Lucy Li the best of luck at the Women's U.S. Open. Go Lucy! nfSsHeX7oC\"
\"@Mike_Sherwood03: I love the new sign in Chicago! It makes my drive down Lakeshore Drive that much better! Keep up the good work!\" Thanks.
#TBT Saturday Night Live X49jKxEYXj
\"@Jasonebean  The Trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. 0YXyNumYxj\"  Thank you.
\"@RonKarkoviceFF Trump Tower in Chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline!\" Thanks!
\"@CarrollGroupCHI                             @TrumpChicago Sign is looking Great!! Pic attached a8DxiGKVMY\"  Thank you.
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart?
\"@cycick   Donald Trump is the King of quotes you really should listen to him!\"\nThanks.
\"@uconncrazy  Great to hear you on @sternshow. Your honesty is refreshing.\" Thank you.
\"@adamwebb_uk '@PrimeMinisterSX  incompetence should not be rewarded.'  You gotta love DT he does call a spade a spade #honesty\"
\"@gootecks @PrimeMinisterSX agreed, St Maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises\" She's incompetent.
\"@aj3fla  great job on @HowardStern this week. Always the best radio with the two of you.\"  Thank you.
.@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue what’s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
“Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – Think Big
.@TrumpNewYork is NYC's only @ForbesInspector 5 Star ; @AAAnews 5 Diamond hotel w/a 5 Star ; 5 Diamond restaurant NUfG0sOK9o
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @PrimeMinisterSX
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX
\"@jlk5253  @TrumpChicago I love the sign. It is tasteful and classy, just like everything you do.\" Thank you.
Mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly IyVoUKmQrb Release USMC Tahmooressi NOW! Time for a boycott? #SaveOurMarine
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our country’s factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
From Fox and Friends interview: Trump: \"We should not go back\" to Iraq MnL2Rg0W0e
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami C43Bp0kbNx
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support.
\"@JoRoseM: Ryan tries to portray himself as a young Donald Trump. No one can be Trump. Sorry bud.  #MDLNY\"
\"May God have mercy upon my enemies, because I won't\" --General George S. Patton
\"@Tbaldwin510Todd:  @bfc0312 I would love the ass whopping you would give to Hillary!\"
\"@JamieeMingg:  I cannot wait for the new season of @ApprenticeNBC U R MY FAV TV STAR\"  Thank you.
\"@wRiTeItNoW_: Do you want to be INSPIRED? Watch @Joan_Rivers on the Apprentice Season Eight!!!! AMAZING woman! Thanks for choosing her!\"
\"@bfc0312:  please stay active on Twitter when you are President!\" Really cute!
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:Not only is America not leading in the world anymore, under Obama America is destabilizing the world ; making it dangerous.
\"@attaanago: Watching back to back episodes of The Apprentice  ....best show ever!!!\"  Thank you.
\"@JohnnyObots:  Will you PLEASE run for President. We need a \"REAL LEADER\"\" Thanks.
\"@iamkeysersoze: I think the sign matches the personality of the structure. Bold, but classy. What’s wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia\"
\"@muzic Mr. Trump. I am a huge fan. I have all of your books and think you are a true genius. When will you run for president sir? Watch!
\"@EmilyJeffrie  @TrumpChicago you know the meaning of class, luxury, and the pursuit of the American dream! #winner! Thanks
\"@myjr54:  run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.\"
\"@james_dodenc:  Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......\"
\"@Pearls_n_Bows: \": Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.\"\"
\"@keyboardbrian:  Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!\"
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms ; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views jQJ495iFh6
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami C43Bp0kbNx
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Int’l Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur sgxLK2Ca4V
\"@nikkio Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them.\"  Thanks!
\"@clarkr3000  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!\"  Thank you.
\"@KPPhotography38 @TheDailyShow  I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign.\" Great, thanks!
\"@Kennokevin:  After the pics i've seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.\"
\"@aj_baldwin: @HowardStern Today's show was fantastic!  was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.\"
\"@JamesPDonahue1: @HowardStern @Tedd474  another amazing and solid #SiriusXM appearance from #DonaldTrump\"
\"@InfamusG12:  Love the new sign! TD5vkaKLjY\"
\"@CatheMazanowicz: We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....\"  Great!
\"@StephenGrubba:  You were great today on @HowardStern. Hope you buy the @buffalobills.
\"@TheKeshKid:  for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI  It is perfect! Congratulations on this fantastic job!  @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago\"\nThank you.
I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
\"@BC4040  @TrumpChicago Looks Great! @ night, I saw it Saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too!\"  Great, thanks!
\"@newhopenchange  @TrumpToronto @TrumpChicago - nicely done, it's a magnificent sign.\" Thank you!
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely… DyK7lPfUFA
“No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter Hagen
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
\"@TrumpToronto Congratulations to @TrumpChicago for a successful installation of Trump sign. 7T4mLM3Y49\" Really looks great!
.@BreitbartNews:\"DONALD TRUMP: CANTOR'S DEFEAT SHOWS 'EVERYBODY' IN CONGRESS VULNERABLE IF THEY SUPPORT AMNESTY\" 90QKc9S0p0
\"@ALennemann650  Great Interview on @sternshow #Trump\"  Thank you.
\"@DavidGinsburg Once again,  kills on the @SternShow. Trump/@rqui ticket in 2016! :)\"  Thanks!
\"@BobLafleur1  good job on @HowardStern you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show!\"  Thank you.
\"@git921  Loved you on @howardstern. Need to hear your brackets on a daily basis\" @sternshow  Great, thank you.
The perfect Hawaiian getaway, @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views  s7QPdwCMRN
\"@kaylorcc  loved you on Stern this morning. You always have a lot of interesting things to say.\"  Thank you. @sternshow
\"@BKearnss Haha gotta love listening to  on @sternshow .. says exactly what he's thinking lol\"  True, thanks.
\"@dalstar009  needs to call into the @sternshow more often!!!\" Thanks.
\"@CarrGaz Trump completes his takeover of Turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. Full story in tomorrow's Carrick Gazette\"  Great.
\"@top40mogul There is never enough Trump on @sternshow! Why not have him on the phone at least once per month? @HowardStern\" Thanks!
\"@paigekblake  Of all the places I've stayed in Oahu, Trump International is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury\" Thx!
\"@DavidGordonJr: Tower in Chicago is beautiful, the \"name\" is the only sign of success they've had in years... jealousy for sure!\"
\"@user33131: \": \"@1more77:  incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!\"
\"@4TheTruth2012:  @DamnitJustin Outstanding beautiful building for sure!\"
\"@tojo413:  Spent the night at the Trump Tower...awesome! Best lookin' building in Chi-Town. Powerful lookin' sign too @RahmEmanuel\"
\"@stargazer3141:  please run for president! Our country needs you to fix this mess!\"
\"@AveGratiaPlena:  I saw Trump Tower in Chicago on Fox...it looks beautiful! Congratulations! Love the TRUMP sign too.\"
\"@TheKeshKid:  for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@thewoods575: I would rather read  tweets than hear Obama lie #tweetthetruth vs #lierlier\"
\"@DamnitJustin:  just saw Trump Tower in Chicago. It looks great.
\"@AlexDub182821:  great stuff on Howard today! Now call up Jim Kelly and get that Buffalo Bills deal done!\"
\"@natalieccook  the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c Mr Trump as President. 1st thing to change...ur health system.
\"@MFBrooklyn:  everything u touch turns to gold I need to bump into u!\"  Work hard!
\"@HolzMDK:  @DannyBOiling trump for president\"
\"@AlexDub182821:  Couldn't agree more about Seth Meyers\" He wss not meant for television - very sad!
\"@Kelliejo2013: Your tweets are so entertaining!!! And Pinehurst DID look like cow shit! Dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. Geeeezzzz\"
\"@JLW2380: @sternshow I love when  comes on. He is so refreshingly honest. #greatguest\"
\"@DonnieHoward2:  I'm a Democrat and I'd vote for you in a second.\" Thanks.
\"@th4tk1dryan:  brought up a lot of good points on @sternshow this morning, I really hope he runs for president\"
\"@KPPhotography38 @HowardStern when Donald runs for President he will have my vote! I'll even campaign for him #TrumpForPresident\"  Thanks
\"@johnstockwell: Another great appearance by  on @HowardStern! Hope to catch a replay on the drive home.\"
\"@JohnMarsicano:  on @sternshow was certainly an entertaining start to my morning.\"  Good!
\"@_MelissaAmy: I don't know,  was making a lot of sense this AM @sternshow great interview @HowardStern\"
\"@jrmarsy:  do u think the republicans will force the \"lost emails\" to be found?\" No, it is not in them!
\"@Mumbles06:  Geat hearing you on Howard Stern, you should run for President.\"
\"@grapewhiskey: @sternshow  Can't believe all the hate trump gets. Hearing him and @HowardStern go back;forth is good radio simple as that!\"
\"@PurkisMark:  I heard your interview on @HowardStern I enjoyed every second of it. #RadioGold\" Thanks.
\"@1more77:  incredible interview on the @HowardStern show. Please please run for President!\"
\"@Mhennessh:  I live in Chicago and love the sign! I look at it everyday!!\" Thanks.
\"@trcyhwlls:  I heard the show and am now a fan. You were so honest and real!\" Thanks.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
\"@LaytonJPalmer:  for president 2016 is the only way to go!\"
\"@CROMO__: It would be amazing to see  run for president. I would vote for him with the quickness. #Trump2016\"
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
\"@alvisefranz: Italian people support  for 2016 president.
\"@paranormalfact: @stevenharlow85  Donald know's business. Screw politics we need someone who doesn't care about  Politics for once.#Trump\"
\"@AboutTheRock: We need  to run for President in 2016!\"
\"@bloopcrew: #TrumpForPresident  we want TrumpCare and a president who has proof he is a real American\"
\"@BLCKMSSH:  I'M VOTING FOR YOU IN 2016 💯\"
\"@paranormalfact:   If you run #2016 I will hit my streets running for you.Obama Care doesn't Care.#TrumpForPresident\"
\"@jwpros: If  can build such a successful business,imagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president!\" TRUE!
\"@DannyBOiling:  if you were president, how many jobs could you create in 4 years?\" More than ever before!
\"@LisaNoelBryson:  We need you to run this country! 2016! The year of the Donald!\"
\"@LifeVibeVision:  @paranormalfact How about you look inside - because truthfully, you're the solution.
\"@5dragons:  @stevenowell ( Pinehurst) Was a great looking dust bowl.\"
\"@aollom864:  Are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in Iraq?\" No,  due  to a weak and incompetent U.S. Govt.
\"@mxk0dy:  for president! Please mr trump 🙏\"
\"@jerr209:  you sir, you are my idol. Wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you.\"  Work hard.
\"@paranormalfact:  We need someone like you in Office who knows how to get this country out of debt #TrumpForPresident\" Easy
\"@FlightAJ: Hey  what is your view on George Bush?\" He got us into Iraq instead of making America great again. Not good!
\"@Mark_quoted:  reading Think Big and can't help but wonder why you ain't president yet?\"  Well, now is when we most need it
\"@hunterstiehler:  you have the type of business mind we need in office! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016\"
\"@stevenowell:  don't normally agree with you but it  (Pinehurst)  looked like an absolute dump.\"
\"@mindgone222:  @jry227 People just want to mess with you because you're you. It's your building. F them.\"
\"@Lady_Rin_Kelly: , I love the sign! Please let's make a hashtag, that seems like it solves all world problems.\"
\"@adhowe5: I thought the Trump signage was very well done. Looks great! \"
\"@TheBrazilTrader:  I LOVE THE SIGN\"
\"@Platinumevent:  the only problem with the #Trump sign in #Chicago are the people complaining about it!\"
\"@tttmon:  You are amazing! I loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl.\"  Thank you, my great honor!
\"@DonDraper_NY: .@Gotham @ConradHiltonNY @RachelMenkenNY @WaldorfNYC I read , He's smartest man around, a @BonaFideMadMen✔\"
\"@nicrob650:  playing in September the day after playing Trump Aberdeen! Can't wait... Bucket list courses!\" Have fun.
\"@GTman1988:  please buy Pinehurst next!\"  And fix it - make it beautiful again!
\"@KarenHaywood3:  Beautiful!\"
\"@jry227:  I have lived in Chicago my whole life, love the sign. It brings class to the River. Don't know what the big deal is!\"
\"@hufseyg: Got to see the new 'Trump' letters on  Chicago skyscraper. Looks amazing\"
\"@bigD921:  @jrnicholas8 I hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term\"
\"@jrnicholas8: Love the \"Trump\" in Chicago. Those who don't like it are jealous! Capitalism is where it's at! We need more signs like it!\"
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
\"@adamjannke:  went to Doonbeg last year, loved it!\"
\"@joebud123:  Which one of your books should I read first?\" The Art of the Deal
\"@DeeHogan21:  along with @DoonbegLodge ...heaven on earth\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA:  Remember the terrorists that Obama has been arming in Syria against Assad. Well now they are marching on Bagdad.\"
\"@BackOnTrackUSA These are the same terrorists Obama has been arming in Syria ; have attacked us on 911.Obama's foreign policy is a disaster
\"@Waldrop15w: @Kenny_Wallace  Iran controlling Iraq and all of its oil will be everyone's problem\" Our leaders are stupid!
I know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated Trump National Philadelphia—a real gem. pgSW9kWVck
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
\"Choose your own path: It doesn't have to be the path less traveled...What matters is that it's the right one for you.\" - Vince Lombardi
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry, a Luxury… L3jznotZbj
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
Virginia's highest rated wine by @WineEnthusiast, @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of Bordeaux ; Champagne hHvj9FfZ1z
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. kC0tMl7vs8
\"@mjb7:  . Have a great Monday! Still hoping to hear these words soon..\"I will be running for President\". #TrumpForPresident
\"@Theramenes:  Get  into WH He can lead and fix anything He is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people.\"
\"@odonnelltw:  Pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the USGA!\"
Will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
\"@NeecieMarie:  I concur~ Your children are indeed exemplary~ grace, ; poise~ well done, ; #HappyFathersDay Sir.\" Thanks.
\"@JoshBurrnett: If Hilary Clinton runs for office.  HAS TOO. Or I'm moving to canada\"
\"@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl.\"
\"@thespinepillow:  please run for prez. Would b great to have a real man in the White House again.\"
\"@JeniferStevens:  Awful look to it.....Not like Trump in Palm Beach and Briarcliff or Scotland that I've played. Your courses are the best\"
\"@peterkleschen:  @CharlieMaikis Pineworst #2 is a number two alright, a dump. Turn on the water! Since when R the Carolinas in drought?\"
\"@magnumCJ:  told the truth all day about Pinehurst 2. It is just not a good looking US Open course.\"  So true!
\"@DeannaSpillyard: Chicago should be so lucky to have the King of New York invest in their city! Love the sign!! It should be bigger JMO!\"
\"@Drake4444444:  We need Trump 1) in the NFL, 2) in the Oval Office, and 3) on his own reality show.\" Cute!
\"@myFMCase DonaldTrump I snapped that when I was in #Toronto today Donald, your place is looking great! #TheTrumpWay yBlWCKNFVf\"
\"@quotedojo: A little more moderation would be good. Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation. ~Donald Trump\"
\"@gja360:  I read all of your books you truly are an inspiration!\"  Thanks.
\"@troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or  tweets about the course?\"  Trump!
\"@SurayaZayn:  i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational, Sir.  Thank You.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA\" Great playing from beginning to end!
\"@benSEXT0N: @Cfeetsrevenge @LukeDonald  course didn't look good in HD just saying\"  No, it looked terrible, bad for golf!
\"@TedatACA: I concur with  on Pinehurst. IMO: Those blasts from sandy areas looked like IEDs exploding In Kandahar Province.
\"@ichicagoscott:  it was nice of you to give @MattGinellaGC 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn't have had.\"  I agree!
\"@welsh  you have made some great courses, but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! I agree!
@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
\"@ic @MattGinellaGC stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. DonaldTrump is 10,000 times more successful than you.\"
\"@GolferMatt23:  Are the @MasterCard commercials filmed at Trump National LA?\"  Yes.
\"@matthewhkurth:  played Trump Bedminster once...will never forget it.
\"@ZackAlcorn: @mikehyland21  @aec4444 big time. I love Trump Bedminster\"
\"@g3stover: @MattGinellaGC is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with \"  I can beat him in golf even easier!
@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
\"@rink914: @IanJamesPoulter  Actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on TV..I love golf..couldn't watch\"
\"@CharlieMaikis:  I completely agree with DT here. Pinehurst looks bad. I wouldn't pay $400 to play if it looked like that.\"
\"@GunnAndrew:  future British open? #TrumpScotland auIl8duNAz\"
\"@vmisciagna:  I've played the new Doral which is awesome-one day I hope to play another Trump course\"
\"@jeffokrina: @CBSSports @EyeOnGolf : I agree with the Donald. What a goat track! I'll take the beauty of Pebble any day!\"
\"@ClarkSmidt: Sir Donald. Rather than promote golf courses, please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our Country.\"
\"@aec4444:  I've played Pinehurst and Trump Bedminster and Donald has 2 in Bedminister that are superior.\"  Thank you ; true
@MattGinellaGCSadly Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be \"redone\"
\"@Mikeyy84:  very subdue atmosphere. Not take it away from Kaymer but it's like watching paint dry #USOpen #anticlimax\"
\"@jackhennessy12:  look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg?\" True!
\"@aec4444:  please don't let the USGA ruin your course in 2017 like they did Pinehurst.\"  I won't!
\"@Robert_W_GA:  they think the course should be \"old school\", you know, like \"before lawn care technology\" aka goats!\"
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
\"@foossh:@GolfDigestMag  he has a point, fairways should be green. Scruff can be as bad as you want. Wouldn't pay top dollar
\"@MomMom: Just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. You gave him a reward....good job Donald!\" Thanks
\"@epowell88:  Worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs ; got fired because they didn't think I could keep up. No severance! Would u do that?\" NO WAY!
\"@MarkMoreland: It's worse for @PinehurstResort. I know I wouldn't pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course.\"
\"@timgerzabek:  @GolfDigestMag I thought this was the US Open not the wanna be British Open\"
\"@jshamie:  @GolfDigestMag couldn't agree more. The course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. BORING FINISH!!!\"
@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
.@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
\"@zp_3:  Happy Birthday from your Trump Towers in West Palm. Keep up the good work!\" A great place, thanks.
\"@edcloud9: No one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. But one  can! 2016! HappyBirthday!
\"@jsimonwc:  @MattGinellaGC who cares what it looks like! Pros aren't complaining.\" Yes they are, just ask Bubba (; viewers)
\"@rgb0y:  happy birthday sir! Nothing but respect for what you've accomplished.\"  Thanks.
\"@Kirby_Weasley:  Happy Birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive.\"  Thanks.
\"@SKMcCrty: Happy Birthday, Mr. , you have been a great mentor in my life! #teamskm\"Thanks Stephen
\"@noahhoch: Happy birthday to  the wisest man in the US. #2016\"  Thanks.
\"@CareyTim6: Happy birthday to , the man we need to lead us in the future. #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@AAndreakis:  Happy B-Day Mr. Trump, you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! May God Bless You Mr. T!
\"@seancourt:  we need a great leader like  to take this country where it belongs\"
\"@dcolon2112: All hate'n T This was my tweet \"Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course Looks awful\"\"
\"@KenBlalock: I'm with . #Pinehurst looks like Muni. ; until we run out of H2O? Would pay $400 2 play that?\" No.
\"@der_karsten:  Happy birthday to the best businessman in the world\"  Thank you.
\"@jwkeen: Happy Birthday to The Donald . It will take men like him to make the USA great again. #2016.\" Thanks.
\"@jsimonwc: @MattGinellaGC  Built for golf. Not built for TV.\" That is true because it looks horrible on T.V.  SAD!
.@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago ; sign PR
\"@christinelu: Donald Trump gets over $1 million to speak. Tony Blair $600K. Rudy Giuliani $270K. A Greenspan $250K. Xbw7qFKZDi\"
\"@PGongola:  @MattGinellaGC I THINK PINEHURST IS UGLY.\"
\"@ChristianL2499:  You're the man Mr. Trump! #DonaldTrump2016\" Thanks.
.@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
\"@dcolon2112: @RAW1183 It was my comment not  I've played on nicer par 3 courses than #USOpen\"
.@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,\"awful\", was not made by me but tweeted to me
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW \"Blue Monster\" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry ; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
\"@tx_shaun:  happy birthday Donald! Thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is\"
\"@keegster51: HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my idol ! I hope one day to be as successful as you! #TRUMP2016\"  Work hard!
\"@felberjosh: Happy #Birthday to an awesome business icon! Read my first Trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. Thanks.
\"@phagan2:  your children are smart and capable. You must take the reins and get the USA back #1\"  It can be done.
\"@DougHutchins77:  The world just won't be safe until the name Trump is emblazoned on the White House.\"
\"@DbigRock34:  Like I said, Trump for President. USA needs a positive change.\"
\"@Scleroshima:  you called it about 4 years ago about \"the spoils of war\" its all coming true now.\"  So true!
\"@commishjoe: Happy Birthday to successful businessman and true American success story. He certainly tells it like it is! Thank you.
\"@glock34girl:  please run and get America back on its feet.\"  Stay tuned!
\"@dcolon2112:  Watching the #USOpen It's as if they're playing on a local community golf course! Looks awful!\"
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country ; oil, and \"O\" will say thanks
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
\"@MoshoodAluko: Happy birthday to an American icon and a real estate el-supremo... \"  Thanks.
\"@homesbyjeff: “: \"@fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, !\"”\"
\"@roebeauty: Calling the sign ;“Trump\" name tasteless is ridiculous! Its exactly the opposite. You always put beauty in your details.
\"@Minnesotavk81:  your sign on chicago tower looks awesome!\"  Thanks.
\"@ruvie18: Happy Birthday ,my best author, I never get tired of reading\" think big\" and the apprentice!
\"@ryanbushby:  Happy birthday to the best businessman in America!\"  Thank you.
\"@warrencasselljr: Happy Birthday to . I wish you many more success! You are greatness!\"  Thanks.
\"@cjlrx:  Happy Birthday to an American icon!\"  Thank you.
\"@steele_sue:  I think your sign needs to stay, I think it looks great. Love it..\"
\"@fahntastic24601: In Chicago and loving Trump tower. Those letters look great, !\"
\"@Demontre4:  just looked at the sign and it looks great\"
\"@ColinSWood:  The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!\"
\"@ThePrimeHost:  LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.\" Thanks.
\"@ThePrimeHost:  LOVE the new signage. Keep doing what you've always done and continue to inspire others.\"
\"@ColinSWood:  The TRUMP sign looks great! The haters are giving you good publicity though!\"
\"@MissPSpencer:  Love the Trump sign👍Amazing!!\"
\"@TVmaryd:  I love the Trump sign on your Chicago building. It's beautiful and it's your branding of Trump. Keep fighting!
\"@FASHfrontrunner:  Love the signage on the Chicago building! I think you should request even bigger letters!
\"@tobylight11: Hi can u RT my daughter #JODIEDIXON she died 03/05/2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx Jodie's dad jPoOB7OsTG\"
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
Had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg, @JennyMcCarthy,  @SherriEShepherd ; guest host @MrJerryOC!
92 stories above North Michigan Avenue, @TrumpChicago’s 5-Star @Forbes rated rooms have the best views of Chicago 96SdHC5sfS
Thank you @Todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on Chicago sign. People love it!   jegUyhd6sJ @TrumpChicago
.@TrumpChicago is Chicago's sole destination showcasing a Five-Star @Forbes rating for both hotel ; restaurant W50HjQxw3l
\"@JeremyHL: #Chicago River North support for  Tower sign. 9eRuhkAB4d\"  Thank you Jeremy, great writing!.
\"@amybdt:  So many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? Give me a break! LOVE IT!!\"
\"@CJohnson623:  I love the Trump building in Chicago\"
\"@DavennT: If you have a problem with  putting \"Trump\" on his building, you need to reassess your life. Get. Over. It.\"
\"@Trutt78:  - you want to do something nice for Chicago and they shoot you down. Piss on Rahm. He is just an Obama lap dog.\"
\"@kvb423: @TODAYshow what a shame @RahmEmanuel is wasting money on  when we have CPS students in bldgs w/o AC\"
\"@kverb12345:  sign is the right size given size of the building.\"
\"@Danoh1952: @TODAYshow  I like the Trump sign.
\"@Radosevich: Love the sign! #Chicago! Do not cross #THEDONALD  #TRUMP\"
\"@PartTimer32:  love the new sign in Chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#PresidentTrump.
\"@arbyoliver:  Great Chicago sign. Do not bend to pressure. Right on!\" I won't, thanks.
\"@geauxholmes:  We would love a Trump building in #neworleans #CityBiz\" Thanks
\"@The_RHLP:  pumped millions into our Chicago economy. My brother worked on that building for 3yrs. Rahm should thank him!\"
\"@cotyybaby: Why the fuss? Trump has the most beautiful building in Chicago! That sign will be iconic #TRUMP #Elegance #TrumpChicago\"
\"@fullybop:  TRUMP! Love the sign in Chi Town! #trump4president\" Thank you.
\"@inthelooptv:  Your sign is absolutely stunning in Chicago! Now only if you could wear a suit ; fight crime!\"
\"@Matthew_Erdman: DonaldTrump You built a beautiful high-rise, you pay your taxes, you should be able to put up whatever signage you want.\"
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
\"@ThisIsJoshSmith: I'll say it -- you are likely the *only* Republican who could realistically beat Hillary in 2016. Please consider running
\"@austinwalsh:  new sign looks awesome!!! Congrats!\"
\"@russell_triston:  Would make a great Commander in Chief. True intelligence. Common sense, economy knowledge, leadership.\"
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@DON_Ekwegba: When Mr. Trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. He Walks-the-talk. There are only a few of them left! Thank you
\"@nikkio: I know I'm a day early for your weekend celebrations-Happy Birthday Donald! Looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 Thanks
\"@Noce82:  will you please run for PRESIDENT. I will #VoteDonaldTrump\"
\"@tstreck:  great building. Name looks awesome on it.\"
\"@artv1028: @BlairKamin  @chicagotribune you don't like it because Trump is a conservative. How many jobs has Trump created in Chicago\"
\"@aureliusjb:  Mr. Trump, I love your sign, it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. Keep up the great style statements.\"
\"@Noce82:  is a real man of his word, he would help AMERICA. #TRUMP4PREZ\"
\"@BooG690:  come home to NYC and put your name on all the buildings you want. #ChicagoSucksAnyway rjfIp1AWvc\"
\"@laura711hender:  Live in the suburbs but saw the TRUMP sign on your beautiful building. Really classy! Love it!\"
\"@bestgolfleague: I don't understand the all the fuss. The building is an exquisite edition to our skyline. WvafTAhfWF\"
\"@Annmajkrzak: @AP  @cbschicago I like the Trump Logo on the building! I feel this is a personal fight! ; will this fight cost IL residents\"
\"@Nickkleutsch:  @trumpchicago personally I think the letters should be higher up. Make sure everyone can see that name!\"
\"@MajesticBrotha:  I'm a Liberal but I feel Mayor Emanual has bigger fish to fry in Chi-town than a Trump sign\"
\"@LoveandFate:  Your name on your building in Chicago looks awesome!
\"@jamesbregenzer @TrumpChicago was completed during recession, when most other projects failed. Trump deserves Chicago's praise\" @BlairKamin
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
\"@lifesanthem @TrumpVancouver Good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world!\" A great place!
\"@dreamsoles1  you sir are a true inspiration to me I thank you.\"  Great, thanks.
\"@GOOD_ggg  @TrumpGolf With GOOD service at his clubs imagine the service Mr Trump could give American people as Pres!\"  True!
\"@ep_capital               @ReformedBroker @PhilipRucker  yo that sign gonna be more famous than HOLLYWOOD!\" I agree!
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls…
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign
\"@AWoodyLou:  you are an inspiration to us all. If only you would run for President and sort all this shit out.\"
\"@stac: Following  was one of the best decisions I've made on twitter. Love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating\"
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
\"@chaz_323:  let me make this simple. Run. For. President . #forgodssake\"
\"@EfprestoPreston:  Run, Donald, run!\"
\"@DbigRock34:  run for president, you got my vote\"
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
\"@Mmmkamilla: I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him.\"
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? joX5Q08gdJ
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sunday’s Miss USA pageant—beautiful! DThYaylNpZ
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --  Aristotle
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahl’s platoon MmbfJTEUuP
Must read @IBDinvestors editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounce” JaZZX8qZYI
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 ; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
The 5-star @Trump_Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland BkfUkVENlH
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate ; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!
W/state of the art Clubhouse ; our signature amenities, @Trump_Charlotte brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State 7sLx4jM2X1
\"@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016
\"@Koonskin: . would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame.\" We'll see!
\"@BigPapaPruett:  The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez
\"@SMarkelon: Get this liar out of the White House.  for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!\"
\"@BravoFan2014:  @MissCassie1230 he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.\"
\"@zahmad_a:It is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army.\" Wrong, they could NEVER do it!
\"@MissCassie1230:  for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!\"  I agree, thanks!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
\"@pamplinfilmco:  @Jenn641 Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president.\" Our country would thrive!
\"@Retrogirl01  He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
\"@Jenn641: I really think  should run for #President!!! Who's with me on that nomination?!\"
\"@AlexDavisChevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez\"
\"@justalmir:  please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!\"  Thanks!
\"@84Celtics:  No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.\"
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
\"@AskMrWhitey:  You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.\"
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
\"@lovebautistafan:  @TrumpToronto @mdamelincourt By far the best hotel i've ever stayed at! Mr. D is tremendous.\"
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
Be sure to watch @IvankaTrump’s @FoxBusiness @FBNATB interview from the @NYU #HospitalityConference QcegUTAHXb
\"@FilmBatonRouge  Loved having  in town over the weekend for #MissUSA  A beautiful city filled with beautiful girls\" Thanks
Featuring five championship golf courses including the Blue Monster, @TrumpDoral is South Miami’s top destination QEzKBzi8jO
\"@SchwabbieMan:  Amateurs... unfortunate but true.\"  True, our leader is clueless!
\"@Smurrrph: One of my favorite buildings in Chicago #TrumpHotel #TrumpTower  mvtzWNrBu1\" Thanks!
\"@_tregun:  Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan: O's foreign policy (or lack thereof) fails repeatedly.\"
\"@shousman86:  Mr. Trump please build our Military and take care of our Vets as Commander in Chief\" This would happen!
\"@JOEBANNAS:  There are no friends over there , you can not trust anybody. They where probably set up . Get our boys out\"
\"@PiersComments: The only strong leader that the Republicans have at the moment is Donald Trump.\"
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
\"@david_j_roth: \"I was never one who looked at success as bad. For me, success was always good. I loved it, and still do.\"  Donald Trump
\"@AndyDostal:  Don the lettering looks sharp in Chicago! rhm2EKdwSf\"
\"@alexniekamp:  Loving the new TRUMP sign going up in Chicago!\" Thank you!
\"@BizServicesInc: If Donald Trump runs in 2016, I will donate my time to campaign for him. Trump For President!!! We need great leadership!\"
\"@alyssa_kordish: #donaldtrump for president! \"  Thanks!
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur\"\"
\"@darryljordan: Run Donald Run! We need strong, decisive leader who'll make timely decisions, move policy forward ; return US 2 prosperity.\"
\"@anjeleyz: This is my nephew Mr trump,he is having chemo again,can you look at this and send a message maybe\"  Tyler, get well soon - WIN!
\"@Steal70: @TrumpToronto @Reddit_Toronto  @porterairlines Flights cancelled. One quick call to Trump Toronto ; I was all looked after\"
.@mdamelincourt  Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
\"@JTphi212: Just heard you on #FoxandFriends. We can count on you to tell it like it is. From a veteran, thank you for your honesty!!\"
\"@pzharris: You have to love  Tells it like it is - no BS. Aren't you tired of all the BS?\"
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur
\"@mmurph  trump for president. You are a very wise man that we need in office!\"  Thank you.
\"Career Advice from Donald Trump\" xOSoEqoCh4 via @BNDarticles by @brittneyplz
Watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @MissUSA bFB20eAUYW The Crowning Moment!
Via @AP by @splaisance: \"@realmissnvusa NIA SANCHEZ CROWNED AS 63RD @MissUSA\" GzqyPCxQfI
\"@MarcoGio13 Been listening to  speak words of wisdom on YouTube every night. He really needs to be our next president\"  Thx
\"@mkathleenhunter Donald, that's a wonderful picture of you and your Dad. You can sense his love and pride in you!\" Thank you.
\"@Yzaccount    Your Dad for sure has a son to be proud of....We all are:)\" So nice, thanks!
\"@GamezFrank  when do you sleep?\"  Not much sleep for me!
\"@DixonAgnes: As a Scot, thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of Scotland. But US needs u in DC. #presidentdonaldtrump\"
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
The man made \"climate change\" that our \"great\" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
\"@killen2015: If  ran for president in 2016,I'd totally vote for him.We need a business man to get the economy back on track
\"@kathy1453:  @DonaldTrump2016 Trump for President. You would make a difference. I think you're great.\" Thank you!
\"@DonaldTrump2016:  if you were in Washington this country would be in better shape\"  Wow, thank you for caring so much!
\"@tbrandy100:How about Bush? He lied about Iraq and WMD's. Cost us 4000 lives!!!\"  I agree, I think he was also a terrible President!
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
\"@GeraldBJohnson:  I would vote for Trump! We need discipline, intelligence, and most of all strength!! He would bring all 3
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
The same \"brilliant\" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China ; others.No chance
\"@Real_Tess_Bloom: In my first Presidential election that I can vote in I would vote for  #run2016\"  Great!
\"@AdverTina: . Would you be aggressive as President?\"  Not aggressive,  smart!
\"@ams_world:  Its embarrassing, yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. A bunch of clueless leaders.\" True!
\"@ryanbushby:  You are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #Trump2016\" I have not heard that one but thanks!
\"@tegodreaux:  Not on your watch MR. President...\" 100% true!
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
\"@lpgranier: Thank you for coming to Louisiana ; bringing $$$! First with your incredible speech at RLC ; now Miss USA! You rock!\" THANKS!
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
\"@trieuhoang73: What a great golf course, excellent job . My 1st Scottish golf experience was one to remember. Thanks!
\"@JasonBoyer_29: If Washington had  type of leaders, this country would be back on top\"  Thank you and true!
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
.@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - \"
\"@SummersMarcus:  always my role model\" Thank you.
Thank you to the greatest heroes M4pUpmtugj\n #DDay70 #WWII
Happy 30th Birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have @TrumpTowerNY be a part of the series. PNGpHifMNI
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: 0x19lT41e2
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California ; our gold supply. We get borscht ; a bottle of vodka.
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father’s Day… QZhqShVxgv
A great Father’s Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection hGBAGzZdz4
\"@GleisisSantos Reading  's Think Like a Champion . What a great and inspirational book.\"  Thanks, good luck!
\"@Ry_Ceo:  i always tell people to vote for Donald Trump if he runs for  president. He knows the real deal!\"
\"@Eriksson: Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?” 😑😑😑\"
\"@elChucacabra:  Obama can strike a deal with the Taliban, but can't make a deal with congress.\"
\"@Boycottmaypac:  He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!\"
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
Amazing view of @TrumpGolfLA xuFsGUQY1d
Trump Collection’s summer line, exclusively available @Macys, is the pinnacle of style ; prestige. Dress your best!  vRkl8bMJ7g
.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite ; defeat Bruce Braley this November
\"@fear_no_evil89  is not afraid to tell the truth ; stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016\" Thank you
\"@iCheko_LOM All Mr.  is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets.\" Thank you.
\"@MikeyGojca          speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right.\" I guess so, thanks!
\"@_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama.  is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration\"  Thx.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high e5RuDJxexp We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas ; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
\"@nklaeger We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!\"  Thanks, I agree!
\"@dbljjames  will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA\" Yes!
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
\"@paulscuz  I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016\"  True!
\"If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
\"@tquoteseday: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump\"
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's \"brilliant\" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
\"@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump\"
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
Remember our six brave heroes who died searching for Bergdahl after he deserted wiUIl71AM3 (h/t @Military_News)
“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party ; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
\"@LisaV27  I want you Mr. Trump as the president\" Well, we'd better get someone fast--the U.S. is going down--fast.
\"@bcfccityisours @TrumpDoral  looks awesome mr t.\" Thank you.
\"@DebsSay @RepLeadConf Enjoyed seeing you at the RLC, Mr. Trump! Great speech! We need real leadership in America!\" Thank you.
“It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Airing live from Baton Rouge at 8PM ET on @nbc, 2014 @MissUSA Competition will be a tremendous event sW2NTojbgn
Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies ; creating a great business disadvantage.
Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card,” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
\"@Taylor_McBath Obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. We are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions\"
\"@Ralphige: Who knew al Qaeda had such good negotiators. Impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty USA \"
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
\"@MrCurvyWor  Enjoyed seeing you on @Letterman! You should run for President! You would get this great country going again!\"
\"@alextbailey:   @Letterman If you run as Donald Trump and not a Democrat or Republican, the people will vote for you!\"
\"@Greek1958: Looking forward seeing  on @Letterman tonight. Has my vote as the next #POTUS\" Thanks.
\"@MVPSocialMedia: Great show/guest tonight! @Letterman  #legends\"  Thank you!
\"@iPlanned: \"A good #plan violently executed now is better than a perfect #plan next week.\" - General George S. Patton
\"@deniseprobe: Your time on the David letterman show was so much more interesting than dr Phil on kimmel show. You look good. I'd vote 4 u\"
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive ; stay strong!
\"@amitgupta9  is the visionary with the midas touch. America, Good times are on their way...\"  Thanks.
\"@woodrowwinters  nothing would make me prouder than to see Mr. Trump in the Oval office. Business would get done.\" Thanks and true.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA Been waiting 3 WEEKS for my fix...D is the man and just states things 'the way they are'. Love his segments.\" Great, thx.
\"@danmillman  I give  a lot of shit, but Trump National in Bedminster is absolutely incredible.\" Thanks (sort of)!
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
Another Obama disaster- 9SimxShXZW
\"@Roney_Samuel:  was at a whole other level this Saturday. Thank you for coming down sir! #TorontoInternational\"
\"@HeisenBarry: Cant wait to see you in the Oval Office! \"  Make America great again!
\"@bojo123be:  all your towers are breathtaking.Proud of your charisma and versatility.\" Thanks.
\"@Negroamigo11:  is the right man for the job #Trump2016\"
\"@2p2TrollCat: . @petewaite976 @ApprenticeNBC That wouldn't be hard to do.\" True!
\"@bturner12387:  2016 is your year! Nobody better prepared to fix our country than you, please run\"
\"@_Brandoh:  Donald for President!\"  Thanks.
\"@petewaite976: I hope  runs for #President2016, ratings for debate nights would blow @ApprenticeNBC right out of the water!
\"@DEMEGL10:  if you run...it will be the first time I vote\"
\"@themurphyz: The  tower is crazy. Absolutely in love. @TrumpToronto #service #amazing #Mrzbirthday\"
\"@Awizzel10: #Trump2016 You are an inspiration to me and my friends, . #2016 #prez\"
\"@Awizzel10:  We need you. You are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016\"
\"@JoyceGoodman64:  running the US is much like running a business, who better at that than The Donald? #Trump2016\"
\"@cmull43: I'm not sayingTrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. Give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy\"
\"@maathewdavis:  my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you.
\"@diverojalv: @TaynishaGray Trump boldy calls out problems,then offers solutions ; opinions that excite the electorate, just like Reagan!\"
\"@1ChrisJoly:  Your ties are amazing.\"  Thanks.
\"@Teabo: How many people would vote for DonaldTrump if he ran? I would... if you can make in  New York, you can make it anywhere #NewYorkNY\"
\"@davidc: I refuse to vote for anybody but Trump in the next presidential election. He is the only man that can lead this corrupted country\"
\"@TaynishaGray: So yeah the first vote I will ever cast for president will be Donald Trump bc who can really argue with Donald Trump?\"
\"@johnny4arizona:Trump Ur biid 4 Prez n 2016 would make U.S top economic superpower, encourage r allies, slow or stop r enemies. #Trump2016\"
\"@johnny4arizona: President Trump would have America walking proudly, talking loudly, carrying big stick n foreign policy again. #Trump2016\"
\"@johnny4arizona:  A successful #Trump2016 bid would restore American exceptionalism, entrepreneurship, and leadership.\"
\"@TyceDaggitt:  for PRESIDENT. Time for a CHANGE in the RIGHT direction.\"
\"@DavidHyre:  Donald please run\"
\"@RColdwellBanker:  watching your c-span special from the other day, I can't get enough of it!!!!!!!\"  Thank you!
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
\"@adamsteinbaugh:  you need to run for president like right now mister trump\"
\"@happygirl71929:  If you don't run in 2016..... I'm moving to Canada..... Please help us Mr. Trump\"  Don't move so fast!
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
\"@maathewdavis:  please run for president to save America. my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do it!\" True
\"@joydacus84:  not long, Obama plays with our emotion's knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. Stupid man!\"
\"@maathewdavis:  run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. Obama and his friends are tearing America apart.\"
\"@mappleby747: Trump 2016! We need someone who not only wants to Change this country but can change this country. \" Thanks.
\"@fergton:  when the released prisoners kill Americans what does Obama say to their parents?\"
\"@kylegolfmtnbike:  wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack Americans?\"
\"@rbrohammer:  Just watched your speech at the National Press Club. Fantastic as usual. Please consider 2016. We need fantastic leadership\"
\"@Awew:  Now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want.\"
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
\"@ChazKShand:  Run for president! We need a leader, not a politician!\" So true!
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
\"@Versongoetrix:  If you run for president I will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~\" Great!
\"@johnny4arizona:  That is for sure !! Congrats on your appearance at #RLC2014 in New Orleans TRUMP 2016\"  Thanks.
\"@druudruu:  worked there once. Stayed there too. It was a dream both times!\"
\"@mosanimusa:  Great man doing great things\"  Thank you.
\"@87krusty87:  I saw the Toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! Great addition to the skyline!\"
\"@annelol:  i hope my children are just like you\"  So nice, thanks.
\"@ukcarioca:  do you ever sleep? I see timelines from you at 3-5am?\"  Not much!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
\"@aliayacovlef @IvankaTrump  You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic.\" Thank you.
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back ; face justice.
MUST READ – via @IBDinvestors: “VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals” aD3xqoK0eD
.@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms ; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline jQJ495iFh6
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
The Dunes of @TrumpScotland are a world treasure threading thru @GolfWorld1’s Scotland top Par 72 7,400 yd course AvuLj7LVcO
My speech to @PressClubDC on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 9HTxGAPRty
\"@touchme721                                      @TrumpDoral  one beautiful course\" Thank you.
Via @PressClubDC by @snlyngaas: “Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster” v1PeZ9ShJM
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing @RepLeadConf in New Orleans CcHdU3mPv1 Will focus on how to fix our great country.
\"@MANNYSTEEZU:  should run for president.\" Thank you!
#TBT Here I am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr wqzRKvpaa9
\"@bsarikas  A Trump Makeover for Washington’s Old Post Office  SpxOSzQzBh Bringing a touch of class back to DC - well done!\" Thx
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
\"@adeezy101  even after making billions, what keeps you motivated?\" If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
My speech to @PressClubDC yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan 9HTxGAPRty
\"Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away.\" - Think Like a Champion
.@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms ; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline jQJ495iFh6
Great @nytimes story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- EDE9Bz4bTu
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
\"@immlawyercanada:  BRILLIANT!\" Thank you!
\"@joerusso9:  should be the next president\"  Thanks.
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
The Blue Monster is celebrated in June issue of Robb Report as the Best of the Best winner in Golf Course Category. FVxwNm68ki
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
The Amateur. On his trip to Afghanistan, our commander-in-chief disclosed the CIA Chief’s name. Unsafe disaster! 1mT4JGUghR
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- \nThomas A. Edison
Winners never quit and quitters never win.\n-- Vince Lombardi
“Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion
Featuring private living spaces, oversized bathrooms ; stunning views, @TrumpSoHo = downtown NYC’s premiere hotel 3jrXJ7kkxS
\"@nawal: If someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize, forgive them and move on, but never trust them again. by \"
\"@MichaelShmikel:  if u don't run for prez I hope u r tapped for VP or Fed reserve chair or anything.\"  Thanks.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA: @foxandfriends When is Mr.  due back? The last two weeks without him on Monday's has scarred me. MONDAY!
\"@GOPthinker:  We need you to run for president, big guy. The Dems ; Reps are simply incapable of fixing the country.\"
\"@not_that_actor:  @IGotAngelEyes @JoyceGoodman64 If Donald doesn't run, the US will never regain its #1 world super-power status\" True!
\"@luuuucy15_:  run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you\" Thank you, nice!
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
\"@RowdyRoadie11:  @JoyceGoodman64 I agree mr trump. I am a veteran and can't stand what is happening\"
\"@IGotAngelEyes:  @JoyceGoodman64 Mr. Trump Is A Fine Man ; So Intelligent ; Dnt Bk Down. I Wid B The 1st N Line 2 Vote.
\"@JoyceGoodman64:  run Mr. Trump...please we need you!\"
\"@pasVote RED in 2014 ; 2016 ; remove these inept clowns ; party out for the next 8 years. Donald Trump run for Pres. Americans are fed up!\"
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
\"@MrBearHere:  just started my business and everyday I tell myself #belikeTrump\" Very nice, thanks!
\"@laurenhuston:  My Gram passed in Nov. I sorted through her books today ; found all of yours. Gram knew how to pick them!\" THANKS LAUREN!
\"@wisdomforwomen: “: The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.”  True!
\"@house6000: That limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing, I wish I was as lucky as he was, have a great day!\"  THANKS!
\"@seankjensen: #whocaroniscalling…  R1kWLKNBJ8\"
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
\"@JakeMHS: The guy next to me on the train apparently supports Donald Trump for president\"  And so do many others - our country is a mess!
Rising 70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama offers our elite amenities in Latin Americas tallest building  2jIAqK93iA
The ObamaCare websites have cost over $5B ; many still do not work PlhYDjwPKA One of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Terrible for the economy ; middle class, gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1,245 days 3ACDKbzdCQ FRACK NOW ; FAST!
Remember our brave men ; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Obama's wind turbines kill “13-39 million birds and bats every year!” 33vZUrkKu2  Save our bald eagles, symbol of our nation!
Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
Via @BreitbartNews by @TheTonyLee: \"@Citizens_United sues @AGSchneiderman for violating 1st Amendment\" 1YMvzIOnfI
\"@joddo15   take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in WNY!\" @nflcommish
“Exclusive: Donald Trump wants to build a luxury hotel in Dubai”    Dz3gWGUsZb  via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith
Via @itp_ab by @ctrenwith: \"'Trump effect' will see Dubai properties rise 50%” bVEfai8hg9
\"@ptarkkonen: \"What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.\" -Donald Trump #leadership\"
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein”
\"@JFarquharLaird: Great to see  getting the respect he deserves. A gentleman, a friend, a genius.\"  Thank you!
\"@WusongTweet: @pand  Trump may be the best entrepreneur. Thinking Big and he is also creative, tenacious ; loves his work.\"
Mike Leach's lessons, his takeaways from Geronimo's life are fascinating ; useful whether in boardroom or locker room jQzCM7Q3hQ
Thx, and from a better quotation source: \"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.\" -- Wayne Gretzky
\"@calebsthomas  what books should I read for business? Particularly by you\"  Start with The Art of the Deal.
\"beepee2004 Thank you very much Donald. Here is another. KfYYCh93V9\" Thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place.
\"@beepee2004  Hi Donald, I thought you may like to see a photo of Turnberry Lighthouse I took last year eTGlG5DuwC\" Beautiful!
\"@ShoretnTweet  did someone say #WineWednesday? Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA!\"  Great!
\"@EllaKAgency  saw the Facebook specs for the new trump tower in Dubai looking good!!\"  Thanks.
\"@imnotsochey Really hoping I magically run into  in New York City this weekend!! He's an inspiration!\" Thank you.
\"@mikewarner1976  All I want for Christmas is for  to buy the @buffalobills\" @nflcommish
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
\"@realtmfleming Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG!\" Great!
\"@Grizz524   thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump\"  Good luck!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.\n -- Stephen King
\"Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”  -- Anonymous
Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
\"@AntonVonClouse been self-employed since I was 18. You ; The Art of the Deal were instrumental in that young motivation. Thank you.\" Great!
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
\"@Bigpeter184 Turnberry is a great golf centre. Great courses ; hotel. Hope you can improve them Donald. It can be the best.\" Will be great
\"@ajd5439 Visited Trump International Scotland yesterday, amazing golf course. #hole18 #Scotland #Trumpgolf qpbCzPCEZ5\" Thanks.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
\"@Drake4444444:  We have hope. We still have Mr. Trump!\"  Thank you!
\"@TTH7: Just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she's being cut to 30 hrs due to #Obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed\" Very sad!
\"@ryantravers:  10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash and no hope!
\"@hshippey: Wow had a blast today!!! What a guy:)\"  Thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine!
\"@JasonMattera: Poll: New Yorkers Prefer Donald Trump And Liam Neeson Over of Bill de Blasio F0jsbSa3Bj\"
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
With @ivankatrump and the Chairman of DAMAC in Dubai. Y4YWQRBuLj
Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai, 272 right down the middle. oMKlrSA2Iv
“You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean ; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
\"@persdevquotes: « Without passion you dont have energy, without energy, you have nothing. » Donald Trump dlDOgeKw4Q\"
\"@libProject:  You add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful\" Interesting!
\"@kimberlykc1st:  COME BACK N FIX THINGS IN USA PLEASE MR. TRUMP\"
\"@lbcxyz:  Every city in the US would be like Dubai if you were president.\"
\"@TopSecret_PT:  - Ireland, Scotland, Dubai! Do you ever sleep?\"  Not much!
\"@Blvd  We won't unless you get elected. Seriously. No politician is capable of fixing this mess not even Cruz or Rand Paul.
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
\"@InTheElections:  @CJM8112 Can't you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?!\" Thanks and true.
\"@NinjaRomantic: If it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run Donald, then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet. #2016 #President\"
\"@Adria: Love that  is moving into #vancouver, just checked out the presentation centre, super cool! DYlgdFOiqG\"
\"@louise_ramage:  Seriously please.run for President. We need someone who can get the job done with competence!\"
\"@InTheElections:  @RonCanova @TrumpDoral Yep, the man we need running the country.\"  Thanks!
@ronanofficial  Thanks Ronan, see you there!
\"@ronanofficial: Great to hear that T just purchased Doonbeg. Exactly what Golf in Ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy.\"
\"@CJM8112: Thanks for the golf course in The Bronx! What else do you have planned for us? Hispanics/Latinos love Trump!\" AND I LOVE THEM!
\"@TrumpPhillyGM: One week from today, we open our amazing pool #trumpnationalphiladelphia! Thank you @EricTrump!  GOOD LUCK ERIC Q!
\"@Sloclone:  Without a doubt but the public is too dumb\"  Actually, I don't think so. They know U.S. needs help ; leadership
\"@NectarUSAFSM: @kyleraccio I want Donald Trump to be president. He knows business and people. He needs to be in the oval office, now.\"
\"@ZachDikowski:  run for president please!\"  Thanks.
\"@lisa_zeee:  &lt;-- this guy needs to run for president! Knowledge is power. #2016\"  Thanks!
\"@WereAllLemmings: So many people post hateful messages to  yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? No, losers!
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (; economy!)
\"@kyleraccio:  Trump presidency would right the ship. Please run, Donald.\" It can be done - thanks.
\"@Bethany_Desiree: LOL  is seriously the man. Run for president PLEASE\"  Our next President must be GREAT, that's me. Thanks
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox ; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
\"@RonCanova: @TrumpDoral  Just flew your helicopter from National to Doral best run operation period. You are the man Mr Trump!\"
\"@gfstew: Fantastic to meet  yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in Aberdeen. #itmustbenumberone\"
\"@jason_donoghue Delighted you are investing in Ireland. Great for our golf courses and our economy. Welcome to the emerald isle.\" Thank you
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\n -- Steve Jobs
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\n -- Winston Churchill
\"Winners, I am convinced, imagine their dreams first. They want it with all their heart and expect it to come true.\" - Joe Montana
\"@NSingh2024  @Turnberry One of the best Business Firm ; Family. What a combination. Amazing.\"  Thank you.
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:  \"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\"
\"Donald Trump is confident that Ireland is ready for a big comeback\" NvmSFj5AIp via @independent_ie by @AnitaActually
\"@BryanPax   One of my favorite places in the world. Great resort, great history, now a great owner. Congrats!\"  Thanks.
\"@marionx72 Hope you've enjoyed your time at Turnberry. The surrounding towns will benefit too ! High 5 for the investment\"  Thank you.
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: \"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\"
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.\n -- Steve Jobs
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort” nbH7mMB66z
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
\"@FrobBedrickson  \"Art of The Deal\" just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book..\" Thanks, enjoy.
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time @TrumpDoral right here 4nPkwrnEvl
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.\n-- Vince Lombardi
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire
\"@DeirdreCulligan I am delighted that you are getting to experience Doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit\"  It was fantastic, thx.
\"@darrenkellytv Trump has done it again - excellence, elegance, ; excitement. Brilliant news for Ireland. County Clare is buzzing\" Thanks!
\"DAMAC Properties   @DamacOfficial  Looking forward to welcoming you to Dubai! Have a great trip!\"  Thank you!
\"@evyfitz  beautiful hotel, great staff, wonderful location ; County Clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions\" Fantastic place!
\"@TravelShamrock  Welcome to Ireland! Enjoy the fine weather on Ireland's golf courses\"  Thank you.
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry ; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial, a great company.
Just spent two days in Ireland at Trump International Golf Links ; Hotel -- absolutely magnificent. yCbA3PiGn0
Photo from @IvankaTrump of Trump International Golf Links ; Hotel, Ireland  zP2hGrnua9
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus ; Stay Positive.
\"@Marooose  @Trump_Ireland welcome to Ireland!Very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #Doonbeg\"  Thank you!
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family ; organization
\"@Texxas_Gal @irishabroad  @DonaldJTrumpJr @Trump_Ireland @ShannonAirport beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip\"  Thank you.
\"@ClareTourism Sending a warm welcome to the Trump family who landed in @ShannonAirport  Enjoy your stay in Clare\"  Thank you.
With a world-renowned open-air lobby w/ ocean views ; top restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu’s premier hotel 4cSwusZg2u
\"@WSOG2014 Hey,  Which gets better reviews the redesigned Blue Monster at @TrumpDoral or @BLTPrimeMiami?\" Both=great reviews
\"@JMcElray         @TrumpWaikiki, BLT Steak excellent service, staff, chefs, manager, wonderful dining in Honolulu.\" Thanks
@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
\"@warrencasse: A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS! - \"
\"@Lake: Watching HBO Tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer  10%of earnings to protect your interests\"
@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
\"@Call4  is one of the most successful businessman in America. He's decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan\"
\"@incfw: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - \"
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt \"shame\" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
Via @WSJ by @SenAlexander: \"Wind-Power Tax Credits Need to be Blown Away\"  baxjGFylqf @alexsalmond
Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Another historic first under Obama, businesses are collapsing faster than they're being formed kY4guluN5Y New leadership now!
Must read f/@ weeklystandard by @JayCostTWS: “Obamacare Myth-Making - Five phony success stories.” NYQucbV8Vu
Home of the 2022 @PGAChampionship, Trump Nat’l Bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect Tom Fazio Zqltqt2ak7
Dennis—Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth ; you wouldn’t take it. Great!  @dennisrodman
A rare case where the U.S. should help- T7Lx8Ugren
A message for Hollywood- cwICuPwsZF
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison
\"@yagerblasters: Please run for president.We need your help. Get in there and fire those Aholes.Your a legend business man and love America\"
\"@christsonton:  now Cleveland and the country needs you to run for President!!!\"  Thanks.
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
@dallascowboys   Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
\"@IGotAngelEyes:  @Savi_Swizzle Very Smart Man. I'd Vote 4 U MR. TRUMP. 👑🌹💋🇺🇸\"  Thanks
\"@caleb2207:  You were completely right as always!\" Thanks.
\"@Ametrano3457: Just did my final presentation wearing  tie. Definitely increased my grade. #DressLikeABillionaire\"
\"@pkitzke: : Who goes first? Tell us......quick.\"  .Clowney
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.\n -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoods
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
\"Discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation.\" - Midas Touch
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win ; gain confidence.
“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people ; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.”–Midas Touch
“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
\"@Da_Brain8:  U Mr. Trump cold be the next Ronald Reagan, but u need to seriously announce your Candidacy! Will you?\" WATCH!
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
“If you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up ; Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends H5oMoXxclQ
\"@DavidBarringer4  For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.  High quality and very appealing\" Thanks.
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.\n -- Andrew Carnegie
Aside from having no ratings, sleazy Ed Schultz lied about what I said. Thank you Scott Whitlock @ScottJW  GS4jWd1lAc
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
\"@ThePodiumEffect: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Donald Trump RKVJ8h3V1v\"
\"@BaitedTrap:  @thechrismcqueen America needs to be put back in the hands of America. Reclaim this country of ours!\"
\"@bguzqueda:  great #CincoDeMayo to one of the best americans! #LatinAmerica follows u always !\"
\"@frogchip10:  should run for president! What a great vote to make!\"  Thank you.
\"@JamieeMingg:  #TrumpForPresident #trump2016\"
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling ; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
“Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion
\"@Carbuccia You have a cool name for a President Donald J. TRUMP.. I'll pick you as a winner in any race!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump\" Thx
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages ; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
\"@rjbachor @HowardStern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. I think you'd be great\" True ; thx
Celebrated for its room views by @LuxTravelExpert, @TrumpChicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the Windy City 2mPwSPrDtz
With the world’s top amenities, @TrumpTO’s luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate Toronto lifestyle ULCGSI40Ym
\"@imFRANGtastic:  would take this country in the right direction. #USA #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@61Webhead:  You could reverse the US economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as Prez! #wewantTrump\"
\"@BSS8888:  Simple as that #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@BethAndersonEsq: You make this country great ; inspire younger generations to become better. You are the American story.\" Thank you Beth
\"@musedSUCCESS:  We need a business oriented man in office! RUN! You've got my vote!\"
\"@Leonard  Even the Irish are routing for you to become president. Also congrats on Doonbeg golf course. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@larkin_dotty:  I admire u so much. U would make a great prez...please run!\"
\"@rockenmoma:  Bring the \"honesty\" to the White House. Even @IvankaTrump thinks you should! #2016\"
\"@slbernard1:  @IamSloany Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for President,, that would so awesome....\"
\"@iDSoutherl  Conservatives can't afford to be sidelined again, they need a viable candidate for the WH... Run Donald Run!!\"
\"@thechrismcqueen:  Dear Sir. PLEASE run. America needs you\"  Thank you, or country can be great again!
\"@beltex63:  @foxandfriends I think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a REAL difference-True
\"@GlamorousTeam:  love u!!! Genius! Have a nice day!\" Thanks.
\"@Old_VanessaG:  Trump for PRESIDENT!!\"
\"@dineroworkceo:  your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! Including myself!\"  Thank you.
\"@IamSloany:  you are the president we need!!\"  Thanks
\"@IamSloany:  the only thing we need Is you too run!!\"  We can be great again.
\"@IamSloany:  you are my hero\"  So nice, thanks.
\"@BigThasYourBack:  spot on about the media! Honestly, just run 4 prez! Many will support u! More than u expect!\"  Thanks.
\"@CarsonMotz:  YOU ARE MY INSPIRATION.\"  Thank you!
\"@KeithWhittingt1:  Mr. Trump, plaza take your daughters advice!\"
\"@anastasiasoula7:  Listen to your daughter! Run for Prez!\"
\"@mattseba:  wonderful ideals on @foxandfriends . We need a \"phenomenal president\" like you!\"
\"@Grinderswitch:  @foxandfriends Donald run please you can fix this mess\"
\"@ShawnQuinnsh1:  RUN, DONALD, RUN!!!!\"
I will be doing Fox ; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
\"@MissUniverseHom: @MissUniverse  Gabriela Isler #Beautiful #TheBest 1y4Xa5LszB\" Gabriela is doing a great job!
@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
The reporter that called Kevin Durant \"Mr. Unreliable\" should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called \"journalists\" can make up lies and get away with it
\"@Noe Donald Trump: \"#RaffaeleSollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.” #innocent\"
\"@Double_A2011: Yoo @Beyonce and Jayz On The RunTour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got Donald trump money 🙅🙅🙅🙅\" Not good
\"@JayRit  Reading an all time favorite TRUMP The Art of The Deal! Must read for the go getter make it happen Entrepreneurs!\"
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
\"@DanScavino: .@RonWhittenGD ~ AWESOME to read!! I told you that - great piece in recognizing 's impact on #golf!👍👍‼️\"
\"@DrewMadeOFF: RT  Does @VanityFair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?\"
\"@DrewMadeOFF: RT  Circulation @ record low. Spy Mag also failed under Graydon.\"   @VanityFair Magazine
\"@horher:  \"@benedwards55 I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president\"\"
\"@nikkio: @GolfDigestMag Donald loves the game, is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece.\"
\"@Pawsar  Mr.Trump when are you going to run for president of the United States? We need someone with a backbone and brains\"
\"@JayBThomas:  @WilliamCarneyII Meyers is hard to watch\"  @sethmeyers
\"@GolfDigestMag: Like it or not, the new Master of the Golf Universe is Donald Trump. 2moKbYMYDa\"  Wow, thank you Ron!
\"@natalie_gulbis: Donald Trump buys Turnberry Gi0mzIdi77 via @espngolf\"  Great job on Apprentice Natalie.
\"@JohnStoli:  nbc relies too much on an out of touch Lorne Michaels\"
\"@bryanbruce:  remember how awkward Chevy Chase was on his short lived talk show?\"  But he was better than @sethmeyers.
\"@Andigriffin:  @sethmeyers Give him time! You grew into@ApprenticeNBC .. Gotta get into your groove #betterhappensoon\"
\"@beltex63:  America needs Donald Trump, let's put our country back on top in 2016!!\"
\"@buff1414:  @sethmeyers Enough Donnie. Stop busting the guys balls.\"  Why, he's a total loser!
\"@MCat7189X:  @sethmeyers Seth should just play the 'best of' Fallon. His show is a cure for insomnia.\"  So true!
\"@Kennokevin:  You should run for President in 2016 and have @Vincemcmahon as your running mate.\"  Cute!
\"@_xx_Alesa: I know mine for 2016 and you've my vote  Please get our Country back where it belongs. Please!!!\" Thanks.
.@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!
\"@matteastwood  Say what you will about Trump, but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses!\" True, the best in the world
\"@mrsfrazieraz  on our way to Trump International Las Vegas!  It's our favorite place to stay! #trumplasvegas\"  Thanks.
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left. iDODxtTtwL
\"@slees1705 As a Turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.Will there still be a place ; role for members in future?\" Absolutely! See u there
\"@fink13 @golfvoyager @ShannonAirport Looking forward to hearing from Donald Trump at press conference in Shannon on Mon 12th May\"  Me too.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.\n-- Albert Einstein
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 ; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
\"@Aa94Javy Cant wait for 2016 So tired of this weak Adm policy at home n foreign even worse. America deserves better we can do better\" True!
\"@dotson_jordan  love the confidence that   has. That's what makes a great leader\"  Thank you
\"@Dardonyc16 You bought Turnberry? You own 2 best courses/ resorts in Scotland/ World now! You're a legend! Get a Kilt now!\"  I'll have to!
\"@darhowklo   CNN said you supported Sterling but then when they showed the quote I thought \"no he doesn't!'\"  CNN lied!
\"@SharkGregNorman Congrats on purchase of iconic Turnberry.Great course ; a special place for me.@The_Open 1986\" Thx Greg, our great winner!
\"@garyplayer  Congratulations on your acquisition of Turnberry Resort. Spectacular place. Fond memories. My best. GP\"   Thanks Gary!
“@PGAChampionship, @seniorpgachamp both headed to Trump courses” RYbAUW3Ii5 via @FoxNews
\"@ImAliveaRuis  I plan on becoming just as successful and big as  in business.\"  Great--work hard!
\"@benedwards55  I believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote Trump as our next president\" Probably true!
\"@salpie   and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to Feds hiring #Obamacare exchange temps!\"  Good question. ?
Via @BreitbartSports by @warnerthuston: “Donald Trump Buys Four-Time British @The_Open Golf Course” x3ew7g9pNU
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
\"@FranMFarber: If anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it's \" It will not even be difficult.
\"@Thayne_Spinks: If I don't see  in office in the next decade, I am moving costal and never returning. We need a leader.
@TweetingAutism Please support our #AutismMayDay campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism VtoJfdzzHz RT\"
With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care ; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship ; Senior PGA etc.
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
\"@marco_reid:  @janecat60 @joeho @KathViner @AlexSalmond way to destroy a view...\"
\"@PBenza:  @DonaldJTrumpJr @GolfDigestAU @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph 🍻⛳️thanks Donald! Turnberry will be better than ever!
\"@janecat60: Offensive to @JoeHo ;  ~ Windfarms ~ BldYI9OjmH Via @KathViner 323akn6cK6\" @AlexSalmond
\"@kerriCJ: \"@GOPthinker:  I still believe you would have beaten Obama\" LMAO\"  I do also!
\"@keegster51:  please run for president! We need a competent leader, so I can find a job after college! #Trump2016\"
\"@spabusinessmag: . to create US$200m hotel ; spa in The Old Post Office, Washington DC iSSlYTWmTe
\"@lovelyfighter8: Loved my engagement lunch at @TrumpGolfLA  IV88nhnNzz\"  GREAT!
\"@GolfDigestAU: Turnberry. Thanks Donald Trump for giving us a reason to show it. @newscomauHQ @dailytelegraph siwkCwPxFC\"
\"@GolfDigestMag: \"Forget Jack and Arnie, Tiger and Phil. The Master of the Golf Universe is now Donald Trump.\" 2moKbYMYDa\"  Wow!
Via @BBCNews: “US property tycoon Donald Trump confirms Turnberry buy” eLzRceSqui
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, @seniorpgachamp at Trump DC ; @pgachampionship at Trump Bedminster
Announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC ; @pgachampionship to Trump Bedminster
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica
“Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer
\"@DebysinghCindy   I have to express the great speech you gave us in March at the Trump Doral Golf Tournament. Momentum!\"  Thanks.
\"@MrBC_3  @GolfDigestMag - The Donald gets his men's major: 2022 PGA going to Trump Bedminster\"  Will be amazing! @PGAChampionship
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
\"@Drake4444444:  I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.\"
\"@JoeFraga: I saw your interview yesterday ; agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.\"
\"@Scott__Marx:  Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #TrumpforPresident\"
\"@datriggakeithh: “: \"@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?\"” @MacMiller\"
\"@cassiewellkid: i think Donald trump should run for president\"  Thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
\"@Media2Commerce: \"As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.\" Donald Trump\"
\"@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?\"
\"@Meep_Swizzle: My 666th tweet goes out to  you are the man sir #keepenterprising\"  Great!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
\"@ckiker22 @HowardStern looks like  needs to call in to the @sternshow\"  Two of Howard's all time top 5.
The premier landmark in midtown NYC, Trump Tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall  3cN3Y1WJqO
\"@paul1994loan They should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said Selective editing is very unfair\" True.
\"@PGAofAmerica ;  to Announce Major Golf News at news conference on Thursday, May 1 - 11 a.m. ET. at Trump Tower Stay tuned!
.@jamieaydt  Happy Birthday Jamie!
\"@michaelgferrara I don't agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda\" Thx--true
\"@foxesbA  I knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as I listened to your interview.\" So did I!
Just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are, here is my @foxandfriends interview- CIzlqPO7ID
Dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power.
It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments.
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
\"@SharonWilcox13  @TrumpLasVegas are you running for President? You should.\"  Thank you.
\"@balango212  Donald J. Trump, my biggest inspirational in life.\"  Thank you.
\"@ReddickTr  @autismspeaks  im a autism mom my son loves you bunches\" Great--say hi to him!
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated ; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
Is everyone enjoying ObamaCare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? iFZRjKmWjP It’s Obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium.
Obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue” 9xUS7oPepE He loves taxes. T-E-A. Taxed Enough Already.
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
Watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs…j45zVecoXd
.@TrumpDoral’s Red Course redesign is underway. Will be completed in September. Follow all the developments 4cVNkl9Vwo
\"@JimMolton: , Great job on Fox and Friends !\"  Thanks.
I will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
\"@JonathanAFrye: Passion is the start; confidence, vision ; focus are the steps, ; resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success.\"
\"@DeannaSpillyard:  Obama makes George W. Bush look like the brightest crayon in the box.\"
\"@JacobNiermeyer: Donald Trump will forever be Mac Miller's best song.\"  True - he will never have another one to compete!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
\"@warrencasselljr:  is the world's greatest developer. He's the Rockefeller of this generation.\"  Thank you!
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, ; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list ; you're off to a good start
The only @Forbes Five-Star ; @fivediamond hotel in NYC, @TrumpNewYork is the definition of luxury  NUfG0sOK9o The Best!
\"@61yellowjacket  Love  @TheApprentice inspirational, awesome businessman, teacher, ; great role model for all generations\"  Thank you.
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
\"@obio  of course we have cards. Unfortunately we also have a community organizer, not a seasoned businessman as president!\"
\"@RamKindaGuy:  speaks the truth #TrumpForPrez2016\"
\"@BossBuza:  for president!\"
\"@yune_dwi2: \"Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing.\" - Donald Trump\"  SO TRUE!
\"@dallasnews: Ex-Cowboys RB Herschel Walker: Like Jerry Jones, Donald Trump would be a great NFL owner.  @nflcommish
\"@blissfuldestiny:  is always right when it comes to political views!! Pro Trump👍 k7Duc7wpMV\"
\"@murciahole13:  sir, our country could be great once more with you as President. You're hired!\" Thanks!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
\"@RustyWallace:  @GregWallace66 @Trump_Charlotte @NASCAR_FDN Thanks-I'm really looking forward to it. You have a beautiful course!\"
\"@mc People need to start looking up to the real Role models Such as Donald Trump and Warren Buffett........ @WarrenBuffett\"
\"@VinnyMalpica  please buy the Bills\" @nflcommish #BillsMafia
\"@JoeSimpson_KBBN   I'm a lifelong Bills fan.   Please save this franchise!  We're ready to win!\" @nflcommish #BillsMafia
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City. UfH5cjn8LK
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
“Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi
As I predicted, Obama already caught lying on Ocare enrollment # by CBO who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments” LoVuJhXWEB
Thank you @HauteLivingMag for naming @TrumpDoral the #1 golf course in Miami  tA7ROApu0N
W/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing, Trump Intl.Palm Beach is ranked by Florida Golf Magazine as FL’s #1 course GV83zX5g1j
\"@AntonVonClouse I still have articles from following some of your 80's moves ; the Trump game... I was the original apprentice!\"  Great!
\"@mikhiett  This is what you have done; its called perseverance. Now persevere to the White House! #trump2016\"  Nice!
\"@MissyCombs  Idiots! That's who negotiates. C'mon Trump..America needs you!\" Thanks.
\"@peterf101 I wish #DonaldTrump  would run for President, I think he would be a great one.\"  Thank you.
\"@GregWallace66 Hey @Trump_Charlotte is hosting @RustyWallace Golf Classic on 5/19 benefiting @NASCAR_FDN.\" Rusty will have a great day!
\"@bahia6085 @ricktimlick The Art Of The Deal is a fairy tale come true. Dreams can come true.\"  Nice!
\"@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland not at all!  the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful\" Thanks, but it is working out great!
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
\"@WheresJose: Had the pleasure to perform for Mr.Trump tonite ; told him the world is a better place because of his contributions Great job!
\"@RyanPaolucci:  please buy the bills\" nflcommish
\"@kimkardarshian3:  u afraid of getting #poor\"  Always have been!
\"@Tumi_Architect: Learning to listen to my gut was the best thing I've ever done for myself. Inspired by  #ThinkBig\" Great.
\"@AllAmerVet: Mr. T, pls buy the #NYTimes and turn it around for the truth! These lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin.\"
\"@emilymistretta: i love when  tweets #🐘\"
@AndreaTantaros  It was great to see you - say hi to all!
“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon
\"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger.\" - Think Big
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election
\"@yosoyroberto  Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling!\" Thanks.
\"@ChristineStergi   what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.\"  Thanks and true!
\"@PeteGagliardo Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
\"@ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on \"The Art of the Deal!\" Always admired you.\"  Thanks.
\"@sundayhorse  @TrumpGolfDC love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.\"  True.
\"@mondrian70 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise ; NFL.\" @nflcommish
\"@richrobins0n i love Trump because he actually says what’s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader\"  Thanks
\"@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.\"  Thanks James!
\"@sjleith  @TrumpScotland A truly great course.  Best I have played in Scotland.\"  Thank you.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
\"To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,@TrumpScotland’s Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes AvuLj7LVcO
\"@KingMeeetch:  celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three\"
\"@PolishPrince21:  I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish
\"@AAszkler:  @ChristineStergi President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!\"
\"@Terrell87:  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?\"  JOBS!
\"@TarHeelFullback:  you would make an amazing president!\"  Thanks.
\"@gabepaul58:  would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills ❤️\" @nflcommish
\"@rhino848484:  and a better TV show. @ApprenticeNBC #1 You make great TV Mr Trump\" Thanks.
\"@mike_ginett:  #america needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@jorourke8:  your the greatest man on earth\"  So nice, thank you!
\"@financeturd:  you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban\"  I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
\"@leetimlin0511: I just want  to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club\"  nflcommish
\"@youngsellz4:  you'd be a great president Mr.Trump\" Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
\"@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise\"  It was my honor!
\"@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat\"
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping ; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
\"@adeezy101:  are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?\"  Just watch!
\"@mikewarner1976:  @buffalobills Please make this happen !!!\"  @nflcommish
\"@danica2013:  needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. Intelligent ; knows what he's doing. #GotMyVote #NewAmerica
.@McIlroyRory  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
\"@CraigPorritt:  Vote Donald for President 2016.\" Thanks.
\"@rawrlance: Word on the street is @BrandiGlanville and @KenyaMoore are both on #CelebrityApprentice  is that true? 😝\" YES!
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
\"@GolfCarAnnie: @BruceBeck4NY  @MGA1897 Trump Bedminster is truly special. But then again all of Trump's courses are !\" Thank you Ann Marie!
\"@BruceBeck4NY: All eyes on  @MGA1897 press conference for 99th Met Open at spectacular Trump Bedminster! See you there B!
“You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.” - @jack_welch
China is closing a massive oil deal w/ Russia, taking advantage of the Ukraine conflict tItkQ0PmZH Smart, unlike our leaders.
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, \"There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan\" 're ObamaCare.
Last Thursday Obama said \"investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term\" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
\"Think big, set your vision high, and go for it. You'll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. \" - Midas Touch
With two champion style courses @TrumpGolfDC graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic Potomac River e1uV7YR68I
Fifth Avenue’s most iconic building, @TrumpTowerNY features Trump Grill nestled in the corner of the Atrium nUsRUTn508
\"@Chuck_Kelly1  I'm not even a #Bills fan and I know they belong here! Devout fans + Trump owned = #Buffalove4Life\" @nflcommish
\"@Helmzyy   If you would buy the team that would be awesome! Just an extra win for my squad:)\" @nflcommish
\"@nickvitello  The  brand is based on success and being a winner. Just what the @buffalobills need!\" @nflcommish
\"@Cturner77  @JimKellyInc would make a winning team as owners of the Bills.Let's do this! Go Bills! #BillsMafia\" @nflcommish
\"@Hitoden  Sir, I've always respected you. I was born ; raised in Buffalo ; would love you as owner of the @buffalobills\" @nflcommish
\"@ragtopgirl12  my son would be ecstatic!! Bills fan from 5 years old!\" @nflcommish
\"@tlwhitney1  @nflcommish would give the city hope .. would give Bills fans hope for a promising team\"
\"@Chuck_Kelly13 @frankpro @HarvickFan_4  He IS a damn good businessman and a wise investor. I'd say he'd run a great team.\" @nflcommish
\"@DenZen:    First rule of success; a great big ego! Still love you Mr Trump and CANNOT wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@ssalame11:  you are a God !!! Of real estate\" A great compliment (and true) - thanks!
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran ; China get it
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
\"We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business.\" - Think Like a Champion
.@NJPGA Club of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is NJ's top family country club with two award winning courses 8mRlTsNogE
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
“@IvankaTrump: ‘Trump Estates Dubai unlike anything else in the region’”  tkrJ4epiPU via @aawsat_eng by Musaid Al-Zayani
\"@FrohawkMahDude   I liked , but the more u tweet, the more I love you man. #TrumpsBills #billsmafia\"  @nflcommish
\"@josegonzalez_69                      If you buy the team it would win the superbowl!\" @nflcommish
\"@AndrewZufel  You would rejuvenate the entire city of Buffalo if you bought the Bills ; kept them in WNY.\" @nflcommish
\"@yvonnecr    please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great\"  I agree!
\"@coachofspin  My cousin working with J. Nicklaus to make Ferry Point one of the best golf courses! Will be great!\"  True! @jacknicklaus
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was \"not political\" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
\"@2letters1number:I've been watching YouTube videos on @WarrenBuffett, @BillGates ;  all day. Feeling really inspired.\"Great
I will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
\"@LisaMills62:  You're so successful ; admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children!\"  Thanks!
\"@Prayformetoo:  I detest @ariannahuff with a passion!\"   And for good reason, she is a complete phoney!
\"@MikeM  Who the heck is Arianna Huffington anyway? Shouldn't somebody check her green card (if that even matters anymore)?\"
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
\"@FenitaAyu1: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@WasimPerviz:  When will we see you again in @WWE?\"  Soon!
\"@906reynolds: Donald Trump is a leader and savvy businessman, two qualities we lack and desperately need in DC.\" Thank you, HAPPY EASTER!
\"@mike_carrion99: Uwere right,the Chinese respect smart ppl like urself,but they and evry1 laughs @ Obama.Plz run in '16 you're STRONG\"
\"@Salon:Krugman furious with MSNBC: \"Why don't they just hire Donald Trump and be done with it? And their ratings would go way up, and fast!
\"@Joshua_Weaver_: The @nfl needs the ! Happy Easter!\" @nflcommish
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
\"@HRGuySerchia: @TotalSportsNews @nfl @buffalobills  Go Donald! I am with you!\" @nflcommish. Thanks.
\"@SRWMiChelleJ:  and I have the same birthday...always praying I can emulate his business saavy. #GeminisWeAre\"
\"@YMatthews956:  When are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? Looking forward to hearing about it!\" Soon!
\"@cedwardsmedia:  @CanizalVania nah, he’ll get old, but he’ll age like fine wine.\"  Wow, nice!
\"@ARbruins: @penows @CanizalVania Obama is a horrible leader, can't get anyone to agree on anything. I believe trump is for real\" Thank you.
\"@wadar1969:  Do u think our Government still has the gold they say they have in Colorado, Ft Knox etc. I doubt it, sadly!
\"@mikevargovich: You see what you’ve gone and done, @BonJovi? I’m rooting for . #Bills #KeepThemInBuffalo\" @nflcommish
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
\"@irondan_93: No matter what the occasion, you always feel confident in a  button down #almostgraduating\" Great, good luck.
\"@gileshenley: @lukemckinney I read your  article, and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! So colorful!\" Thank you!
\"@Colin: Mr. Trump, please buy our precious #BuffaloBills with Jim Kelly. You two know what the team means to #WNY. Love it!\" @nflcommish
\"@MadG0d: Buffalo has one great Donald Trump - Doctor at Roswell Park Cancer Institute - We need another  !\" @nflcommish
\"@CanizalVania: Donald Trump will never ever get old. Ever.\"  Wow, what a nice thing to say!
\"@suew777 Words I never expected to say in this lifetime....I hope Mr.Trump buys the Bills. I think its the best for team;fans!\" @nflcommish
\"@BillsMafia_G107 @suew777 I completely agree. I think  would be an excellent owner and wouldn't accept losing!\" @nflcommish
\"@BillsMafia  You would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! @nflcommish
\"@NCBillsFan  The Bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! Mr. Trump is the man! Great things will happen!\"  @nflcommish
\"@tomko13: If  buys the Bills they will win the Super Bowl within 5 years. #buytheEagles\"  @nflcommish
\"@AlexDub182821: Im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if  was the new owner. True. @nflcommish
\"@CinderellaMan2: !  explains #Obamacare perfectly. 7DS22GYDAO\"
\"@sirwilliam  @frankpro The Bills need someone not afraid to take chances. Mr.Trump, you have 100%of my support! @nflcommish
\"@_tamx0: Best customer service at the trump hotel \"
@frankpro   Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
\"@CameronM_: I would vote  as president!\"
\"@angelofleven:  where do you get your energy from? Unbelievable. Maybe sell the ingredients?\" I wish I could!
\"@CCPLiberty: “@RickNichols3:  time to get businessmen in DC instead of politicians. Trump for Pres!”\"
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
\"@frankadgpr:  I recently heard you talked and acted like a Billionaire, before you became a Billioanire.\"  Interesting.
\"@JohnTisdall:  You owe it to this country Go for it You can fix it\"  I definitely can!
\"@kennymacaskill1:  when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? No wind turbines.
\"@markmilliken21:  @GeneralTso316 I own a few DT ties from Macy's, best ties I ever purchased...good stuff!!\"  Thanks.
\"@wen  Why aren't you one of the sharks on #SharkTank? You would be awesome on there!!👍\" But The Apprentice is much better!
\"@MrJPL: An Aussie @TrumpWaikiki, such an amazing place. Well done  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump ; happy Easter
\"@EAikenz:  @renovacion Putin May be smart but he doesn't have the Art of the Deal!\"
\"@Welles19:  @renovacion Moscow's bully is no match for Brooklyn's finest. Trump by TKO, any day.\"
\"@GeneralTso316:  I have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties I own that cost $125.\" At Macy's, great.
\"@helfystyle:  you've got my vote for anything. I'm ready to go to work!\"  Thank you.
\"@renovacion:  I'd love to see you up against Putin. It'd be quite a match!\"  I would win!
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
\"@WeaverFever12: Everyone I know in western New York wants  to be the Bills next owner.\" @nflcommish.
\"@RWill9584:  Buying the Bills would be the best thing for not only the team, but for the city of Buffalo! @nflcommish
\"@Humphreychabu:  thanx DJT, ua my inspiration! Happy holidays\"
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
\"@ribkamaria1: RT @Pursuitist: Stunning hotel! Trump International Hotel ; Tower Chicago.  @TrumpChicago
\"@_tamx0:  in love with your hotel Toronto location\"
\"@tiffanypearls:  I'll be up the street tonight at Emanu-El. Sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016\"
\"@J1En  as my mentor and some1 I looked up to while in college in buffalo I think you should purchase the team. @nflcommish
\"@T_Fox8:  for president, the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff.\"
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
\"@InTheElections:  A very happy, blessed Easter to you, Mr. Trump.\"  Thank you, and you also!
\"@StephenCur: First night in  hotel in Doonbeg. Great location, accommodation and food. I think Donald is onto a winner.\"
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
\"@jywjr As much as Buffalo respected ; loved Mr. Wilson it would bring excitement ; prestige to have Mr. Trump own the Bills.\" @nflcommish
\"@luciab1  congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida\"  Thank you.
\"@mjohnstonxoxo   My favorite part of school is watching the first season of The Apprentice in Business Tech.\"  Great!
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress.
Nasty for the middle class, electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March iK5bSwqiKk FRACK NOW
ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping carts”  fPpFEby5mV
The West Coast's most luxurious public course @TrumpGolfLA features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views KnZBqhH9Fi
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation ; then remove sanctions?
\"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.\" - @ProFootballHOF @buffalobills Head Coach Marv Levy
Remember, if you don’t sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends ; the business community hears about your success.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
\"@brettjamess  you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills\" @nflcommish
\"@eric_alon you buying @buffalobills would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them ; @nfl\"@nflcommish
\"@df387  buy the @buffalobills we need proven success.\"\n@nflcommish
\"@bseybolt11 If  buys the @buffalobills and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend.\"  @nflcommish
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
\"@LaydeePrivatier:  I enjoyed your speech at the Republican Convention in New Hampshire immensely!\"  Thank you!
\"@HereisDami: RT : \"The price of greatness is responsibility.\" -- Winston Churchill\"
#TBT WrestleMania 23 99dCdxArXm
Always fun to read the @NewYorkObserver investigative piece re @AGSchneiderman, his mascara and more! NVvrlU7wKt
\"@johnnydevine137  I'm all for Donald Trump owning the Bills. Give Trump a chance and watch the Donald, Trump the competition.\"  @nflcommish
\"@OwenFetnon  you buying the bills would be a dream come true! Thank you so much.\"  @nflcommish
\"@TpGraf82  we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady!\" So true! @MELANIATRUMP
\"@Antonhomann  I've really come to like @piersmorgan - probably 's best #CelebApprentice\" He was smart and tough!
\"@mikeEread  If  buys the #Bills, please don't take them out of Buffalo!\"  I won't. @nflcommish
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
My speech from last Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq #NHFreedomSummit hbh8qe449M via @cspan
My @FoxNews interview w/@seanhannity  kOVsybAufn
Via @NJcomsomerset BY @wobriensomerset: \"@TigerWoods brings charity golf playoffs toTrump Nat'l/Bedminster\" u10HqU1r7p
Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself \"is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?\" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
\"@David_Bossie Keep the Bills in Buffalo.  can save them. Would be a great NFL owner!\"  @nflcommish
\"The price of greatness is responsibility.\" -- Winston Churchill
\"@Cknikita  I'd♡ Love ♡Donald Trump to buy the @buffalobills and Also run for Our President!  #Super Deal #Double #Win Win!\" Thx.@nflcommish
\"@NowThatOuimet  if Trump is serious about buying the #Bills ; keeping them in Buffalo, sign me up. He’s a game-changer.\"  Thx  @nflcommish
\"@Michael_Haz  Donald, why don’t you go out to Nevada ; cut a deal for #CliveBundy? No one is a better deal maker than you. Go do it!\" True!
\"@EllieReynolds4 Trump 2016!!!  Rocked it on @seanhannity #GOP #president2016\"  Thank you.
\"@sherrymcmurry  Great interview on #Hannity.\"  Thank you.
\"@AndyLeeTweets: I'd rather  run for president than buy our football team.\"  Interesting point!
\"@Alertora27 If  does buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near future\"  Thanks.  @nflcommish
\"@jimmy_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is   buying the bills\" Thanks. @nflcommish
\"@kerps80 @TrumpChicago  @CNJohansens   Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!\"  Thank you.
\"@Going4theGreen 's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe \"the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.\"  Thx
Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I pick the best locations- @Trump_Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. Lnlfq3wyXf
\"Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care FM76jygCDn  REAL data hidden
In Hudson Valley @TrumpNationalNY’s course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens ; 64 strategic sand bunkers Fz5o9BpkeZ
\"@SI_PeterKing: Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart?\"  Great point, and also, thank you Peter!
@PriscoCBS  Thank you!
\"@neevee31: “@BillRancic:10 yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you  4 a life changing event\"
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - @DalaiLama
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US ; should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, don’t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (; everyone) massive US secrets.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
\"@NickySummer @AlexSalmond Wind farms are an eyesore all over Scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. A disgrace!\" True!
NYC's sole hammam, The Spa at @TrumpSoHo offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world smkecNPJzP
\"I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.\"--Steve Jobs
\"@sashamajerovsky:  @DLDizel @cspan @cspanPolitics just love hearing you speak because you speak the Truth!!\"  Thanks!
\"@KennedyGaels: Thanks for hosting our 5/21 President's Dinner @TrumpNationalNY honoring @IgnatiusPress Founder Fr. Joseph Fessio ; @FrDunn\"
\"@dynamicwil:  @Macys love your ties!!\"
Via @UnionLeader BY Bill Smith: “GOP rally in Manchester fires up party faithful” pcRMYVyBPi
Summer's almost here, update your business wardrobe with Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys  vRkl8bMJ7g
\"@VerizonLGg2: I cant save for my retirement anymore. I had to buy health insurance; that I can't use. Was given ONE choice. #NotAChoice!
Oscar Pistorious, \"the blade runner,\" is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?
@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland.
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!
\"@DLDizel: @cspan: RT @cspanPolitics: VIDEO:  at #NHFreedomSummit on @cspan Xp3yKxyL1q 3lOeIhz2IJ\"
\"@Houst_: This book im reading by  is truly inspiring.\"  Thank you.
\"@CaledonianGolf: @Raven_kittycat @AlexSalmond Why??? Do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is?\" Impossible.
\"@garc8509:  no don't buy the #BuffaloBills. Buy the #NewYorkMets #Mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! Please!
\"@JWysocki91:  I live in NH and will vote for you in 2016!!!\"  Thank you!
\"@chpnaput:  Donald, you need to promote the GILC, it is a great event and shows off Doonbeg. Best resort I have ever stayed at!\"
Al Sharpton said they are \"even making it more harder to register people to vote\". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Via @BreitbartNews by @rwildewrites: “TRUMP: ‘I WOULD BUILD A BORDER FENCE LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE’” 4xeMNWrSb8
My interview with WMUR’s @JoshMcElveen at #NHFreedomSummit \nCadFELfiG1
Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United ; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
On the shores of Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course y04JVKFsAN
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. \n -- Winston Churchill
\"@bahia6085  Thanks. I'm rewinding it now. Always makes my Monday to hear Trump on @foxandfriends\"  Thanks.
\"@TalismanJohnnyA  @reallDonaldTrump Love watching ya man...wish you did more on Mondays than just 5 minutes or so though..\" @foxandfriends
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. \n -- Winston Churchill
The people of Ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which would've hurt tourism @AlexSalmond\n  IJ00bXc6h0
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
\"@TrumpGolfLA: ICYMI: Fantastic commercial @TrumpGolfLA feat. @JordanSpieth ; #tombrady Thanks @UnderArmour ; @espn 45rMvZokIh\"
.@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
\"@sierkmmm:  @ben_techpro @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews I would vote for him\" Watch Eric Bolling this morning on Fox
\"@jem72133: @WeeHen82  I look up to him as he is my idol\"  Thank you!
\"@jennypowers37:  run Mr. Trump run!! Get this country back on track.\"
\"@jethrosteve:  @ryanbushby are you considering running Mr Trump?\"   YES!
\"@miorazhari: Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser. (Donald Trump)\"
\"@ryanbushby:  for president! Only man who knows how it actually works in politics!\"  Thank you!
\"@ben_techpro: Can't wait to see  on #CashinIn tomorrow morning. @ericbolling @JonathanHoenig @FoxNews\"
\"@RustyWynnewood:  Great day at Trump National in Charlotte. You took a good club and made it great. Well done sir. NeAQ8xZkgy\"
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.\n -- Albert Einstein
#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney, @Regis and @itstonybennett 4BlxNbDtgT
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
\"@David_in_Dallas @TrumpChicago  Sir, your Chicago Hotel is beautiful!\"  Thanks!
\"@Birkin_girl  @pellscuse11 Not to mention Melanie would be a beautiful First Lady.\" I agree!
\"@mearnest33 Agree that you as Pres would be a great change but I don't think this country can be turned around in 8 years\" It can be done!
\"@MarkSciubbaDoe  PLEASE SAVE THE BILLS FROM @BonJovi AND CANADA #BillsMafia\"  I will try!
\"@BrklynSportGeek  Just heard you're bidding on @buffalobills. As a buffalo native thank you.\"  My honor.
\"@matt_grazz  @TrumpPhillyGM playing there this weekend #trumpphilly\"  Great!
\"@pellscuse11  I'd love to see you as President. You can turn this country around!\"   Thanks.
\"@southpaw816  @ApprenticeNBC I can't wait, have never missed a season.\"  Great!!
\"@TrumpPhillyGM  Beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at #trumpnationalphiladelphia.  HxebCM3XAQ\"  Great course!
\"@SportsMotto: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – Donald Trump\"
\"@rexarrowfilms: wow. #donaldtrump just hit 90 million...great moment for #TBT : FY43HmrqRe\"
\"@Ja: As I’ve said before,  has all of the qualifications necessary to be Real America’s choice for President of the USA!!!\"
\"@GlobalFlare: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - \"
\"@Lfarotimi:  quote \"you don't have to be ruthless, you have to be smart.\"
.@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:\n\"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.\"\n -- Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
If traveling to the Windy City to celebrate 100th anniversary of Wrigley Field @TrumpChicago is Chicago’s #1 hotel 2mPwSPrDtz
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth ; positive message at this Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing \"Green Acres\" with Megan Mullally 8Ia6IcTxZk
\"@JEngleLV:  had a great stay at #trumplasvegas\"  Thank you, people love it!
\"@JEngleLV:  the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. Thank you.\"  Great!
\"@RabbitR \"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@AbbeyAshir: \"@thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump\"\"
\"@scottienhughes:  It falls second to @ApprenticeNBC in my book ; it's not near as competitive!  So nice, thank you!
\"@ODedOnRealityTV I'm not a golf fan at all. I'd say @ApprenticeNBC is one of the greatest shows on Earth. #Apprentice #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@billywmerritt:  I am democrat and I would vote for you. #trump2016\"  Thank you!
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
\"@Mason_Marcucci: You're definitely going to run just admit it. You would wipe the FLOOR with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions\"
\"@cbreeze65: . The only OB-vious candidate for the right. The Don needs to run! It just makes sense.\"
\"@HappyGuy201: I honestly think  would fix the mess this country has become.\"  I could and would'
\"@DurandSentinus @TeddiLocke I would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like Ronald Reagan ; the Founding Fathers did
\"@MartinDaryn:  what I wouldn't give to see you as president. Let's save this sinking ship!\"
\"@Tingmanusa: \": \"@EldyCorrea:  Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!\"\" Yes we do!
\"@TeddiLocke:  Absolutely! Plz Run! Bring Respect back to the Presidency with integrity ; good moral standing!!\"
\"@EldyCorrea:  Yes, go ahead and run for President. We need you so badly!\"
\"@KennicotAsks:  Of all the fellow celebrities you've met, which do you consider to be the most humble?\"  ME!
\"@keithrh: How long do you think the United States will take to recover from our current administration?\" A long time, unless I become Pres.
\"@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral  I was!!! Our caddy Mateo understands customer service... Please recognize him Mr Trump\"  Great job Mateo, thanks!
\"@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral @JJcompitGolf just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!\"
\"@__Mikey__D:  Run for President in 2016\"
\"@jsalbertousa: I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.\"
\"@kirkcameronfan  @Ddouble_J Mr Trump, what book should we read second?\" Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.
\"@AFCAllaeldein  just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant\"  Thanks.
\"@RedRoof65 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.\"  Great
\"@Abspara we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.\"  Great.
\"@ScottVanstory   Best President during your lifetime? \"  Reagan.
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
\"@EmilioMasella  the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you\" Thanks
\"@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho!  #mentor\"  Thanks.
My @NewsRadio967 interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment ; @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit.   fBvmHgAviU
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
\"@Steveleno80 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads\" Thanks
\"@jnicoletti15  even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! SwtACOhquw\"  Thanks.
So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
\"@laurence_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.\"  Great--enjoy! @TrumpToronto
\"@Ddouble_J   Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first?\" My first book, The Art of the Deal.
\"@DenizTweets  16 and finished all your books. Awesome.\" Great--good luck!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
\"@lamodaya: In life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: Donald Trump\"
.@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! @TMZ
Saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ
\"@rtracingstables: Donald, you epitomize what America was and I hope will be again. Hard work and determination equals success.\"  Thank you!
\"@rossdstarkey: Good luck to everyone playing the @SMOpen this week, watch out for  at Doonbeg jnhORNbxxv\"THANKS
@kimkotter  Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
\"@ikiibrahim:  - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!\"  Thank you!
\"@GolfSwingShirt Head Pro @ Trump LA, waiters,valet parkers,and complete staff and grounds crew all R class acts..better than Pebble BCH !\"
\"@ikiibrahim:  - the Donald has done great all over!!!!!\"  Thanks.
\"@GolfSwingShirt @BilldaBeastII Team Golf Swing Shirt just played at Trump LA with Padraig Harrington -great conditions ; a beautiful course
\"@BilldaBeastII:  you done good in L.A. They need to play a PGA tourney here... for real! pTBzlPxcWf\"  Thanks!
Launching the Trump Home by Dorya Furniture Collection today. It looks amazing! @HPMARKETNEWS @DoryaInteriors RRC1jMWclG
\"@tiffanypearls:  I want to work on The Donald's campaign. He is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016\"
\"@brucetobin:  Hello Mr.Trump If you were to run for president to show these clowns how it's done you already have my vote\"
\"@InTheElections:  @racrboi90 Problem is so many of our leaders aren't really leaders.Help us Mr. Trump before it's too late
\"@HighlifeLondon: , our meembers have voted Trump International Golf Links as one of the best courses in the world!
\"@mike_carrion99:  Do the U.S. a favor and run for Pres.2016! We need a REAL leader who wont put up w/ shit.\" Nicely said!
Will be on Fox ; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
\"@MikeHemenway: Common sense, guts, smarts, proven leader!  what this country needs for president! Retweet if you agree
\"@oversplayer:  “Hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. It's nothing but a sign on the side of a hill.”  Mickey Rooney
\"@jplw70:  @Lexi So happy for her too, she played super!\"  She is a great player and a great person!
@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!
\"@chriswerner1988:  Excellent taste in Trump Wine. I love Trump red ; white!\"  Thanks.
.@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many \"majors\". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
\"@JoshHodgkinsonn: No WrestleMania will ever top 23. Donald Trump Vs. Vince McMahon.\" You are right, it has the all-time record!
\"@LUTHERVII:  do you think Bush Jr. was a good President?\" No, not even close!
\"@Bigonbeets:  If you could do anything to change the world for the better, what would you do?\"  Fire Obama!
\"@racrboi90:  What influenced you to go into politics?\" It will be the total incompetence of politicians and our \"leaders\"!
\"@mgmacdon:  if they had to say yes, who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice?\" The Pope!
\"@_blakecox:  mac miller pay you yet??\"               90 million hits and no payment yet, but he's been dead since Donald T!
\"@DannyZuker: I may disagree with much of what  says, but that doesn't mean I think he's a terrible person. Somewhat nice!
\"@lagooner111 @TrumpWaikiki pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service ; I've only been here 30min. Staff is amazing!\" Thanks.
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
\"@LickNenahan: why isnt  our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure.\"  Very true!
\"@Chris_Stocker: Love taking a drive up A1A and seeing that beautiful Red, White and Blue huge flag blowing in the yard of \"
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
@katwatson59 Thanks Kat!
\"@dchamp5810:  @indigoblue65 You are the greatest and You can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was....\"
\"@lewisbetesh:  @CMHollon  Mr. Trump, look into buying the mets from the wilpons. They are failing nyc\" Very sad!
\"@CMHollon:                @MCuban being rejected by #MLB (Bud Selig) is a good thing OyUxD0e2gM\"  A good decision!
\"@RivalofElmBlock: @TMZ mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than Donald Trump\"  I agree - also, in many ways, a total loser!
\"@DenZen: Successful people work their asses off to make it, only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly.\"
\"@DenZen:  I love your passion ; boundless energy. It's fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal America
\"@ndumisozungu22:  The only human i would trust to be president\"  Thanks!
\"@not_that_actor:  I've been cheering u on for many moons. But I'm afraid YOU don't have the passion to ACTUALLY run in '16\"  We'll see.
\"@dchamp5810:  @indigoblue65 you got my vote Mr. Trump....\" Great!
\"@khaleejideal:  u r my role model since i was 18. Now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration.
\"@PbrunnerRr:  You should go to Wrestle Manina. Its Good for business. Us Fans want you as President\"
\"@GodFocker:  please run for president, you're the best we've got and i will vote for you in 2016.\"
\"@Prayformetoo:  Donald you should be President, with Bill O'Reilly as Vice P. You would both fight for the abused kids.
\"@oldschoolRUSH:Mr T, U should replace Dave! You are Funny, Clever, Smart, Handsome,Charismatic, Insightful,Successful..Like He Has A Twin!\"
\"@thequote: Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. - Donald Trump\"
\"@nikkio:  6 BILLION $'s goes missing from State dept -Where's the outrage? If u were Prez- they'd find it fast mCmL2bg3P6\"
\"@TristacksEff:  would bring us back from this mess @BarackObama put us in. #RunForPresident #2016\"  True!
\"@indigoblue65:  Ummm...I like the sound of President Trump!?!?!\"  Thank you!
\"@FrankyGarbaggio:  you are the man plain and simple.\"  Thank you, very nice.
\"@mnm769:  @JHKING17 why don't u do it Donald trump\"  Just watch!
\"@JHKING17:  please do our nation a favor and run for president!! #trump2016\"  Somebody good better do that, and fast!
\"@bluestar4fan:  @CNN Been a long time since CNN was great. Could learn lessons in greatness from you and FOX News.\" True!
\"@PatsSoxFan71:  @AndrewKirell if you hosted the late show you couldn't run for president. #trump2016\"  That is true!
\"@BeBeSXM:  I cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...God Bless All You Do !\"  Thanks
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
\"@CakeItEasy:  can't wait for the golf course at ferry point in the Bronx to open! Excited\"  It will be great!
\"@AndrewKirell: Hey  do you think Les Moonves will give you the Late Show? I would get the best ratings of all!
\"@pnerrad:  they've spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane, Donald\"
\"@elkaneh:  @CNN @smerconish was just thinking that! What a boring show! Snooze fest!\"
I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
\"@Hafizzuddin_MYU: Go for the next President of USA  ... Lets see the impact for the world ... Great man for great world!
\"@graciesavy: @HoustonGunn the next Donald Trump! Still marveling at your accomplishments, keep up the good work :)\"  Thank you.
\"@BradANGSA: @sonnset2 @ForQ2   @GreaseWeezer Obama would not have won election if he told truth about Obama-Care..\"
\"@Humbert_Tesla: In bed with Donald ;-) Great quality cc  KBnVYOIzkF\"  Thanks - from Sorta!
\"There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.\"– Aristotle
\"@moss92g  Mr. Trump, your children convinced me you R a class act, standing with the folks in Albany was icing on the cake. Thank You!\" Thx
\"@BigBro14  Just booked my trip to Trump Intnl Golf Links in Aug So excited to play the Best\"  Have fun!
\"@Vesparum  another great evening at MacLeod House\"  Thank you.
.@Neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. PaAIZCxUXA
\"@__HotDawgs   hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our Entrepreneurship class\" Work hard and good luck!
\"@andzi11  Watching the Celebrity Apprentice love it. Truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit\" Thanks
\"@Cfwaye   you know what is great about you. You didn't just chase a dream, you envisioned one.\"  Thank you.
\"@danieljshaw  @Letterman was always funny watching you two banter! That will be missed!\"  I agree!
.@Andre_Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing!
\"@renee41961  I like the Donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal\" Thank you.
\"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.\" -- Babe Ruth
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman
Ask yourself: \"What can I learn today that I didn't know before?\" Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
\"@1tannedman                    I have about 40 of ur ties wouldn't wear anything else\"  You have great taste, thanks.
\"@ZacKing30  The Trumps are my favorite public figures. Hands down! @IvankaTrump \" Thank you!
\"@MateoHielo please buy @buffalobills Upstate NY would love to have you be the owner of our Franchise #prayersforJK\" Thank you.
\"If Trump became president he would do an amazing job; if Obama took over Celebrity Apprentice, he'd fail.\"  What's your opinion? I agree!
\"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.\"-- Samuel Johnson
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
\"@evneleven:  for President! Your the only one who knows how to run this country #TrumpforPres #success #awesomeness\"
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel ; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant yuUSn1lUFf
\"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.\"\n -- Mario Andretti
\"@LoganWeiler11:  I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie.\" Great - at Macy's!
\"@DragonForce_One:  Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F\"
\"@A_Buon  I remember many years ago I hated  because the media told me to. I now know he's a true American\"  Thanks.
\"@TpGraf82  I'm training my employees today wearing a #trumpcollection #tie #shirt feeling good and powerful!\"   Great!
Today in history WrestleMania 23: I shave @VinceMcMahon's hair--highest rated show in WWE history  @WrestleFact  7su88r1Mr0
\"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.\"-- Andrew Carnegie
\"Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.\" -- Think Like a Champion
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both a Forbes Five-Star ; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant  M1hOTCUjmV
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center Gki5bk0RH7
\"@Tyler4rmwc You would make a great President.  If anyone can get us out of debt, it's you sir.  Everything you touch turns to gold.\" Thanks
\"@MartinJajou Thanks for being a great role model, it actually motivates me for greatness\" Terrific!
\"@DonNadeau Thank you so much for supporting a larger Galaxy-like iPhone screen. Even with glasses, current one strains. #Apple\"  True.
\"@AJFrugoli Thank you for building a beautiful hotel in Vegas that I don't have to cover my children's eyes (or my eyes) when we enter\" Thx
\"@tmoulton  Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice!\" Thank you. @TrumpLasVegas
\"@MonergyTheBook @TrumpPanama In spite of the hype it is a great hotel; I was there when it opened a few years ago.\" Thanks.
\"@peterienhio  nice clock outside the Aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart\" Thank you.
\"@tmoulton  Staying at your Vegas tower. Very nice!\" Thanks. @TrumpLasVegas
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
\"@harvey_handy:  if POTUS what would you do with Russia right now?\"  All I can say is that they would respect the U.S.
\"@shaneandstamp:  your a respected businessman. Why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. You mean GLOBAL W
\"@GuyEndoreKaiser:  I've read Art of the Deal a dozen times! Only you can fix this country!\" That is perhaps true!
\"@gretawire: A GIANT THANK YOU TO ALL THE ON THE RECORD VIEWERS at 7pm — you are THE REASON we remain #1 at 7pm!  Great going Greta.
\"@TimNaples:  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC Wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife.\"  True!
\"@sowinski_house:  Donald Trump for president!\"  A very wise choice, thanks!
\"@KanStalwart3  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire Truth look to Southern California ugly white poles with bird killing fans\"
\"@DrewHutch13  w/ you on those windmills my man!! Waste of $$$, time and other resources.\" @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
Noisy windfarm driving community crazy!   AyFhRGf39v @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @AberdeenshireCC
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin ; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
\"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.\" -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
\"@xadusx  @SamJabbo or \"Never give up\" they're all my favorite though, read them all!\" Thanks--good luck!
\"@dalasner  Love to see you one on one with Bill Maher without his morons in his audience.\" He would have no chance!
\"@DrewMadeOFF  RT  RT @tx_shaun its #true, he didn't get his show until after he won the @ApprenticeNBC\"  True!
\"@DrewMadeOFF RT  RT @AlexArancio @ArsenioHall It's why he failed originally and will fail again\" It's called disloyal!
\"@_MarcoGenovese  never give up! That's how you make it happen.\" True!
Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
\"@TheTrueAnthony: Sunday nights this Spring just aren't the same without @ApprenticeNBC. How much longer? Shooting now, on in the FALL.
.@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
\"@tripletluv11:  @pwnza I think you would make a great kick butt President!!\"
\"@betsyscribeindc:  Begging you to run for President. You must save this country. You're the one who can do it.\" TRUE!
\"@thisismendim:  i read your book 'Think Like a Champion'. I'm impressed.. It motivated me very much. Thank you.
\"@Kramersfarm:  You are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. Big pharma and big Ag control a lot of misinformation. Great job.\"
\"@OnlyAnnieHorton:  @larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP Please keep fighting. Three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution.\"
\"@larksnestartist @MagnaSearchGRP As a pediatrician I have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. Thank you for your efforts.\"
@MagnaSearchGRP Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation\"
\"@ell7654321:  If u run for president u have my vote\" Remember that!
\"@BlueyesBeauty: If  ran for president I would actually go vote for once! #weneedchange #trumpforpresident\" Thanks.
\"@CarltonCountry: @johnrich  Do u have any idea when the new season of #CelebrityApprentice will be on?\" In the FALL - shooting now!
\"@kenzoeblair: If  retweeted me... I'd prob cry. Your tweets make my day.\"  Don't cry!
\"@Pavlo_Rodriguez:  your books inspire me, thanks\"  Great.
\"@DanScavino: WHAT DONALD TRUMP DID TO BRING BACK ARSENIO HALL AFTER The @ApprenticeNBC on @NBC n7ehvYDAEV  @ @ArsenioHall\" TRUE
\"@oates_tom:  I think if you run you'll get a lot of people that wouldn't normally vote.....vote for you\"  Thank you.
\"@SamJabbo:  #Trump2016 or I'm moving out of the U.S\"  You sound very smart!
\"@diverojalv:  @chrispilz my only concern w/Trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms!\"  Very cute!
\"@Winger23: Obamacare has ruined healthcare. Everyone I know is having a hard time paying their new plans. It costs too much!\"
\"@chrispilz:  Would you consider running for pres in 2016?\"  That absolutely could happen. Our country needs help fast!
\"@pwnza:  why aren't you president yet?\"  A very good question!
\"@wmdavid66:  @ArsenioHall It is without a doubt true. Arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered.
\"@johnrich: One thing about  he never sugar coats anything...I'm SURE @Arseniohall is appreciative, as am I.\"  Thanks John!
\"@DanScavino: . ~ I WAS THERE when @ArsenioHall said that. More then once by the way. Just saying, it is #FACT #TRUE!\"
\"@tx_shaun:  its true, he didn't get his show until after he won the apprentice\"
\"@AlexArancio: @ArsenioHall doesn't mention Apprentice because his ego won't let him. It's why he failed originally and will fail again\"
\"@TarrKoziara:  @ArsenioHall The Apprentice has started and revived a lot of people's careers.\"  Very true!
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
@PrincessDaytura  for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
\"@HrvstFoundation  @SamJabbo The Art of the Deal gets my vote. It changed the way I do business.\" Great!
\"@realMikePalumbo  Walked in Trump Tower for the first time this week.. Gorgeous (as all your work). Love the Trump experience\"  Thank you.
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don’t, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs:  Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great opportunities right around you.
For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?”
\"@SamJabbo   i haven't read any of your books yet, which one should i start with?\" The Art of the Deal is a good start.
\"Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.\"  -- Pablo Picasso
SSE slashes offshore wind investment—wants British government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities   GjjtzV29wz
Join @autismspeaks, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
\"@koos32  Nice picture Donald. I can see where your great looks come from. Your parents did a great job!\" Thanks.
\"@realjuliemallen  indeed she was Mr.T she also looks like she was beautiful person as well  Great moms matter they shape who weR\" Thank you
\"@KarenHaywood3                                 Both your parents were very nice looking.  Great photo!\" Thank you.
\"@Steal70  enjoying the Toronto property for my first time.  Great service from Shane and Ali.\" Thank you. @TrumpToronto
\"@HN_JAD  @DonaldJTrumpJr your Trump Hotel in #Vegas is spectacular. Amazing strip views.\" Thank you.
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
\"@GOBNaseem:  Do you think your book from 2004, \"How to get rich\" can still be a gateway to financial success in today's day of age?\"  YES!
\"@CherylMossTyler:  thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. Now 3 classes in some schools
\"@menabazz_:  You inspire me.\"  Thanks
\"@saladgyrl: @RockChalkSpence  Someone I know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in Dr's office, was autistic after.\"
\"@GiorgiMassimo:3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! You're the best business man, your tips are precious! Thanks in advance\"
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
\"@Bossman140:  the most brilliant observation you have ever made. Parents should take your advice\"
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
\"@ctsa:  when I was a kid, there were 8. Now they give upwards of 31-40. It's an assault on the immune system.\"
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
\"@rtesta: Please run for President and announce it in NH! We need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up!\" True!
\"@Shaughnessy89:  IS THE MAN!! Give us a shoutout for your friends in Ireland Donald!
\"@oben02: Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.  
\"@william76960376:  you are truly the greatest person Alive!!!! #your #awesome\"  Wow, thanks!
\"@HorneUltimatum: @speednviolence  actually not a rich boy school, NYMA gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!\"
\"@Zigmanfreud: Please thank  for his cool note to me supportive of the \"fight for justice\" for Joe Paterno.
\"@CindyCuller2  Love this picture and she was a great beauty!  Thanks for the \"private\" family picture.\" Thanks.
\"@Jamie_Lynch1  Playing  aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out\"  Enjoy!
\"@Candynecklace2  wow wow wow!!!!! Your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like @MELANIATRUMP 😘\"  True!
\"@WinstonS6079W   I'm sure they're very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish\" They were great!
\"@eruditetina                       Your parents must have been wonderful people. Thanks for sharing.\" They were--thanks.
\"@HorneUltimatum : is this #nyma ?! XCZfZ5i9pQ\"  Yes.
\"@AlexandraCMauro  any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs?\" Midas Touch is excellent ; written for entrepreneurs.
\"@jamesholt52  we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man, that is your strength\" Thank you.
\"@SamJabbo Trump you inspire me to be successful everyday.\"  Great--good luck!
#TBT For all who have been asking, my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. Here we are with my father- dHKqyoL86W
\"Edddie24   Mr. Trump is a real American patriot.  You have my vote if you ever ran. 👍\"  Thank you.
\"@kdharris59 I want someone who is liked by half and considered a SOB by the other half - I bet Mr Trump fits that\"   Interesting.
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
\"@Bigjohn6531 You were 100% on the mark Donald when you said we should have taken some Iraqi oil ...\" True, now Iran has it.
\"@TheGolfAdvisor Ireland Golf Tourism will give  a warm Irish welcome. the Lodge at Doonbeg: e6quyoOSQC\" Thanks
\"@ArsenioHall  Come on DT  ... fly in! You must visit stage 6!  #arseniohallshow\"  It will happen--great going.
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
\"@KierenAsh  Run for Prez Donald!!! You'll be great!! What America needs!!! Save us from this Marxist!!!!\"  Thank you
\"@codymangano  #Trump2016  we need you\"  Thank you.
\"@JaredParker  Please run for President, Mr. Trump! The Republican Party desperately needs someone of your qualifications.\"
Listen to my interview with @KathieLGifford at @PodcastOne - hGMdepZJ6t
\"@Gmo7  Finally they're filming the celebrity apprentice! Can't wait for the next season 😁 \"  Soon!
\"@kerrkerr73  then run for president! !! Sick of the crap going on in the white house.\"  Thanks.
\"@meade1214  trump for office!! He's a good man!\" I am?
\"@RickClement  It's tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. Real leaders lead. Like you Donald!! Please run !!\" Thank you
\"@Prayformetoo  @wesbart53 How long would Obummer last on \"The Apprentice\" Donald?  #theapprentice\" No comment.
\"@snudge11 @ScotlandGolf1 I played it yesterday and I have to say it was the best golf course I've ever played.\" Thank you--so true!
\"@Theodopolis_  Just left The  Building in NYC. - beautiful building and very professional.\"  Thank you.
\"@koos32 Donald. He was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for US in couple years too! #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@ScutPls   tweets the best quotes. Perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur.\" Thank you.
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
\"If you're going through hell, keep going.\" -- Winston Churchill
\"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\" -- Winston Churchill
\"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.\" --  Winston Churchill
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: \"Never, never, never give up.\" ...
If you’ve looked over the years,I’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
\"@wesbart53: Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zero\"  True!
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a \"regional\" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
\"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.\" -- \nBenjamin Franklin
Robert Slater, who just passed away, was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. He will be missed. gAPE7AoYvJ
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: \"Be sincere; be brief; be seated.\"  F.D. Roosevelt
\"@Marky4792:  will you please run for the president United States we really need a swift kick in the ass.
\"@ritholtz: My understanding is Tim Cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iPhone.\"  True!
\"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.\"  -- Wayne Gretzky
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch and see if your question made it in- Y1GWc6nvTu
\"@TpGraf82  you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but I'm waiting for the tweet of all tweets \"trump2016\" Thank you
\"@jvickersdc  Staying at Trump International Resort in Miami. Well done sir. Wish we could stay a couple more days! Great family vaca\" Thx
\"@AngelProRoofing @TrumpDoral I've had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far.\" Thanks.
\"@jeffraissle   When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!\"  Very soon--shooting now!
Thank you to @GaryVanSickle ; Sports Illustrated @SInow  for the really nice piece about me. March 17, 2014 issue  VSdRxGkUMC
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off \"March.Madness\", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper ; survive
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Great advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump
Great advice from my father: \"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\" -- Fred C. Trump
\"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.\"  -- Winston Churchill
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia ; China spending?
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
\"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.\" -- Henry Ford
\"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.\"  --  John Wooden
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC, luxury villas situated byTrump Int’l Golf Links Dubai CpoKmt6EXD
\"@CheezitsCat: . what is ur favorite plane?\"  Boeing 757 and Citation X.
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
\"@Chris_LaPenta:  That's why we need you in 2016.\"
\"@BrownsMakeMeUgh: It's very important that he fills out his March Madness bracket on SportsCenter while Putin takes over eastern Europe\"
\"@NoMoMartychenko: I love !\" Great!
\"@emilyfashion16:  Then you should run for president! I know you could turn this country around.\"  I definitely could (fast)
\"@B2Tac:  they also kill thousands of birds here in CA.\" @AlexSalmond
\"@johnyc46:  @AlexSalmond Windmills in western NY State are a complete eyesore. Beautiful views ruined by propellers.\"
\"@MaxKnoblauch: Im voting for  to b president of the WORLD n clean up this mess were in!!!\" And we are truly in a mess!
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
\"@SecularBobby:  hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016\"  Very nice!
\"@TheTomBurkeShow:@AlexSalmond This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. iUEFEw1Yp5
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- 3xffLRSNhK
@DanScavino @APinv @TrumpGolf @billclinton @APHospital  Thanks Dan
Re Negotiation: Know what you want ; think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from ; do not underestimate them.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out @Macys --ties, shirts, accessories -- great ; going fast! IBTN6JokyH
Business is an art in itself ; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
\"Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.\" -- Midas Touch
\"@TeaPartyThad     man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you!\" Thank you.
\"@FrontRowBrian You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.\"  Thanks.
\"@kunle_jimber                    I just got one of your \"Ties\" such a nice brand.\" Great! Thx
\" @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident\"  Cute!
\"@bllheaded  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig\"  Thanks
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\"  -- Albert Einstein
\"@keegster51:  you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@alex_lestari: \"The best investment I made, is the one I didn't make\" (Donald Trump) #APC\"  Can be very true!
\"@allanschwartz1                      AND YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO.. RUN  FOR PRESIDENT. YOU WILL LOVE IT\"  Interesting!
\"@70sBaseball A great sports fan ; business man! DT ; his son w/George ; Billy during Spring Training DhUK4RQPxY\" Good memories!
\"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world.\" -- Think Like a Champion
\"The only way to do great work is to love what you do.\"  – Steve Jobs
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
\"@SDM_TTG:  for president 2016!!!! Economic genius is what we need !!!!!!\"
\"@TroyMeaz:  You need to become president before world war 3 starts!\"  Do not kid yourself, World War III could happen.
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
\"@Youngdf50:  @PeaceIsWeakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. Today's world needs a real leader.\" Thank you!
\"@WondHerful:  @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr The only reality show worth my time is #CelebrityApprentice. Thanks
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
\"@PeaceIsWeakness: Trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the West. Only one man in America could deal with Putin #Trump2016
\"@Joey_Columbo:  please run for president. America needs you🙏🙏\"
\"@rpoole1954:  Hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee #2016 Hopeful\"
\"@janieRNER:  only deal should be Presidential Deal....hurry.  We need help fast!
5 year old Trey has terminal cancer. I'm helping him go to Disney, won't you? nxJkcDxZg1
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, ; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
\"@Pepper4366 Thought your show would never return. What is start date. #CelebrityApprentice\"  Start shooting next week!
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
“Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”   Anonymous
\"The best vision is insight.\" -- Malcolm Forbes
I won't be doing Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
\"@garyplayer: What a fantastic test of championship golf. Congratulations to Team Trump on a superb result all round @TrumpDoral. Best\"
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
\"@NateDolphinAL:  Dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyou\"  Thanks!
\"@TomNocera: Somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. Somebody tell Kerry to take DT with him to negotiate the Russian surrender.\"
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
\"@tx_shaun:  don't run for governor go for the White House!!! #TrumpIn2016\"
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
\"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.\"  -- Aristotle
\"@IDollyLenz BEST on Mkt! We've rented these amazing homes forever! Sales too. 2 highest apt rentals '13\" RW1dtzTv8V\" Thx Dolly
\"One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again.\"\n -- Henry Ford
\"@sdillam:  shuts down NBC’s @MLauer: ‘Putin has eaten Obama’s lunch’ nOaLA2O61k He's a spineless coward.
\"@StandAtTheReady: Putin has eaten Obama's lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. -  VERY TRUE!!! #TeaParty\"
\"@DrJoshMiddleton:  Mr Trump, please consider the presidency rather than NY Gov race. The country is a mess.
@MauriceConcha  Thanks!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
\"@jacoprinsloo12:  you are my hero man, keep doing what you are doing.\"  Thank you, I will.
\"@crpietschmann: @UncleLouie42  also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented?\" BOTH!
\"@DallinMiller:  is in my psychology book from the 90's and still looks the same. #NotHuman vm8GmkdlS5\" Thanks.
\"@TimPDion: You may love , you may hate him, but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like Matt Lauer
\"@YoungKhalifa_2: “: \"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.\" -- Benjamin Franklin”\"
\"@ASenaPhotograph:  you are just smarter and better prepared\"  So true!
\"@Joe_Sutt:  Wharton baby!\"
\"@integgriti:  Mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. It is real sad now...\"
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
\"@AlecBordelon: . officially confirms on @TODAYshow this morning-- Miss USA pageant will be coming to Baton Rouge in June.\"
\"@ellentime1: .... loved you on Today!! Your were great!!!\"  Thank you!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA.
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation WqurUItUJH
Congratulations to @TrumpIntRealty for the two top rentals in 2013!  cMAV5TDlas   #TIRNYC
Wow, the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenue—each one = $100,000 per month cMAV5TDlas
\"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\" \n -- Abraham Lincoln
\"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.\"\n -- Benjamin Franklin
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
\"@NellyBelle25:  Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago ; staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
\"@NickLangworthy: #BlueForBen  @ERIECOUNTYGOP Jnc696s5fa\"  BEN, GET WELL SOON - YOU HAVE MANY FRIENDS!
\"@HoustonGunn: So excited for tomorrow to head to #NewYork to tour #Trump Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting 
\"@carisa01huston:  You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!\"
\"The secret of getting ahead is getting started.\" \n -- Mark Twain
\"@mattmiller728                          I love all of your books very helpful\"  Thanks, good luck!
\"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\"\n -- Albert Einstein
\"@MikeE116 If you run you got my vote. You know how to run business and grow it. That's what our country needs.\"   Thanks.
\"Rosechem1 One of the reasons that I like you is because I feel that old American greatness in your mentality. It makes me feel hope!\" Thx.
\"@moffiq  Having role models like  and @richardbranson is the best thing in life! They set standards ; we can follow\" Thx.
\"@sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in Doral. App works effortlessly, is easy to use to book rooms\" Unlike ObamaCare
\"@patrickparuolo                           @TrumpWaikiki  going there for my honeymoon in October. Can't wait\" Great!
\"@nick_torch   Reasons why I love  he isn't afraid to speak his mind and call people out\"  True!
\"@JoeTorre   Congratulations to Patrick Reed for his win yesterday @TrumpDoral! The new #BlueMonster lived up to its name\"  Thanks Joe.
\"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.\"\n-- Thomas A. Edison
\"@Bnmaui:  You may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 Presidential election. Please consider.\" I will!
\"@rickdavenport8 @TrumpDoral LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING ON THE MONSTER SOON!!! SO WHAT IS THE DONALDS BEST ON IT?? EXCITING LOOKING COURSE!!\"
\"@JonTwolegit:  when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air, so I know it must be soon\"  Shooting in 2 weeks.
Have passion, drive, and enthusiasm? You can check out the @TrumpCollection careers here: M5m5hGPfMe
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is \"the best course I've ever played\"
Will be on Fox ; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
\"@dollarmana: . Not sure what was more impressive today....Tiger Woods making 8 birdies or your golf course.\"
\"@InsideSouthFL:  @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump You guys are Amazing! The 2014 @CadillacChamp @TrumpDoral is #EPIC!
\"@TheGrumpyHusky: The Blue Monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. It is more than just a \"Masterpiece\" - it is Immortal\"
\"@jtthebossman:  Keep fighting the good fight. You speak the truth. Trump 2016!!!\"
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, \"I've never seen a great course that was easy!\"
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a \"masterpiece\" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
\"@stevegbowlin:  great speech yesterday. Trump/Cruz 16\" Thank you!
\"@stephinkycheese: @gjonesiv @StuartAppleby Yep, what a rough day.. I bet  loves the leaderboard looking like a U.S. Open.\"
\"@_WatchMyProcess: 7mfEwtluO2 this man  is a very wise man. Hate to say it but it’s true 👌\"
\"@d_pardee: My take from #CPAC2014: 's speech was better than @RepPaulRyan's 🇺🇸\"
\"The road to success is always under construction.\" \n-- Arnold Palmer
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
@sashamajerovsky  Thanks Sasha!
\"@sashamajerovsky: \"@InTheElections:  Awesome speech! lG5hwXLdhg\" He tells it like it is! Great speech!\" Thanks!
\"@InTheElections:  Awesome speech! You can watch it here: lG5hwXLdhg\" Thank you!
\"@PuertoRicoOpen: “@EJmedshoppe: @PGATOUR @PuertoRicoOpen  course is beautiful. I played there in 2012.”\"
\"@CullenThaDude:  for president #greatman\"  Thank you!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Trump International Hotel ; Tower Toronto continues to receive accolades. Great city, great hotel. OtV7xuuFNv   #TrumpToronto
\"Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude, work and luck.\"  -- Think Like a Champion
\"Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today's world.\" -- Think Like a Champion
\"We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.\"\n-- Gary Player
\"The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.\" --Midas Touch
Elite Traveler ; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World 3rqzqN0gJ9  #TrumpChicago
\"You're never a loser until you quit trying.\" -- Mike Ditka
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
The opening of the @TigerWoods Villa at trumpdoral 6RUAONpXH4
\"@IbeJakeB    Just read  Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for @FlowWraps thank you ; Robert too!\" Thank you, good luck!
\"@mariela_mh: @IvankaTrump,  DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in #Dubai ruqRdwLgPN.. Beauty and Style!
@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!
@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
\".@KirschnerDavid                         \n Congrats Mr. Trump on making @Forbes list of wealthiest in the world.\" Thanks!
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie ;  #DCBound\" Thanks.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
New York Magazine just named the most influential \"tweeters\" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!
\"@lilydashevsky:  I'm skipping Cap. Hill meetings to make it to your #CPAC2014 speech! Any hints on the topic??\"
\"@brendakenesonwe:  @kostoff2 @TrumpDoral ; Based on the photos and articles I've read,\"It's Beautiful\"\"  Thank you!
\"@KEEMSTARx: If  was president, middle class would make more $. I honestly think he could keep Jobs in America! So true-easy
\"@JWIAdvisory: @TheEllenShow you did a great job at the Oscars, despite what  is saying!\" Oscars sucked, Ellen off her game!
\"@kostoff2:  @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is ; how much they are looking fwd to it.
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
\"@kostoff2:  @TrumpDoral - Players have been raving about how nice the course is ; how much they are looking fwd to it.
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
\"@abbysullz:  your tweets made my night\"
\"@viclillo:  Donald Trump was the best part of the 2014#Oscars\"
\"@scorpio_man1973: The best ending to the #Oscars would have been  saying \"You're Fired\"\"
\"@pandoerra:  I think you could have directed a better oscars mr. Trump #oscars\" MUCH BETTER!
\"@DianeLMarshall_:  When do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency?\"  We shall see!
\"@CATHCO9: @boboxm103nyc Goes to  Best tweets of the night.\" #Oscars
\"@BC4040:  Thank God it's over!\"
\"@juanmalird:  hi Donald genius\"
\"@elkaneh:  thanks for a memorable oscars!\" #Oscars  No problem.
\"@dp1489: Ha I didnt have to watch the #2014Oscars thanks for keeping me updated \"
\"@reza_rezvani:  You need to run for President. This country needs you. #Trump2016\" zip. I know!  #Oscars
What is he reading? #Oscars
\"@_Brandoh:  Only 1 solution for the Oscars, Trump as host\"
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
\"@rickruff23:  So true. Ellen is a train wreck\"
\"@williamn95:  is my favorite celebrity/business man, please run for president we need someone competent\" So true!
\"@vlasaro:  You inspire me to keep going on every day\"
\"@CashMoneyBonas:  I wish I was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars\"
\"@JoshGliege:  is really not liking the Oscars. He tells it the way it is, which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016\"
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
\"@nate_north43:  is the man\" So true!
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
\"@PattyWagSwag:  run for president please.\"
\"@benjamin_mayne:  You've won me over. Great job tonight.\" I'm not trying to win anyone over, it really sucks! #Oscars
\"@christuhglo:  I love how you handle the haters\" You mean the haters and losers!
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
\"@jshah500:  You are the most negative person I've ever followed.\"  Thank you!
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
\"@AMENREMINISCE:  hahahaha Mr. Trump you're epic see you in Toronto in May at the Canadian International :)\"
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
\"@BRAD_R0BINS0N:  is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. Hilarious!\"
\"@thrashingkitty: Hahaha  is killing it with the #oscars tweet.\"
\"@johnnyhabit:  why the fuck do I even follow you? Because you're addicted to genius, asshole!
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
\"@wee_eats: best part of #theoscars so far is reading 's twitter account\" I agree!
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible! #Oscars
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
\"@ericksonrt05:  but my new trump ties rock!!!\" That's true!
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
\"@jodyhagemann:  please help a NY 2 yr old boy beat cancer. ik1BhlGWWe\"
\"@BeaumontAnthony: If Donald Trump was President of the USA am sure negotiations on the crisis in Ukraine would be moving forward now\"
\"@tx_shaun:  your tweets make my day your awesome\" Thanks!
\"@RogerJStoneJr:  TRUMP-PAUL 2016 ?\"
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer \"hot\"
\"@RajeevSamtani: Get in, get it done, get it done right ; get out - Donald Trump\" Actually, told to me by my father, Fred Trump.
\"@RexHuppke: I'm holding off on forming an opinion on the Ukraine situation until I hear what Donald Trump has to say about it.\" Very smart!
\"@TimmyVafides: Just received my order of  brand ties in the mail today. Sharpest looking ties on the market.\" Thanks!
\"@David_GriffinJr:  @SenRandPaul great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius!\" Thanks, it was a lot of fun
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
\"@BElizondo2:  if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question!\" Thanks.
\"@Ehab_Eassa:  Most don't know the Chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the US dollar.They will screw us as long as we allow!\"
\"@KentStGolf: Thank you  Trump Charlotte is a beautiful place @KentStGolf #GoFlashes LiCG82I4Qc\"
\"@bldrnr69:  thoughts on Ukraine? Plz run for President so we can have real leadership for US!\"
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie, @SonofGodMovie- see it!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated \"he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH\" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia ; Harvard?
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi. Hl2YGkrfLe
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
Black politicians are in prison based on Shirley Huntley’s statements but not white @AGSchneiderman RACISM!  z2i22B7D21
I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
\"@barrettag: Had a meeting with an ex Trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good ; nice you are to employees. So cool.\"
\"@iam_nixz: \"You have to think anyway, so why not think big?\" -  xXx\"
\"@mwgfdn: Have u all seen the Trump episode of mighty planes? Its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! The plane is 1of a kind!\"
\"@IamTN_Cheru: RT : Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.\"
Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Disappointed the @NewYorkObserver article on @AGSchneiderman did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.  z2i22B7D21
\"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.\"  -- Aldous Huxley
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities ; possibilities, ; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
\"@HoldingUpThree                        You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!\"  Thanks.
\"@shawcrossblue             \n@FinestGolfHoles  this looks epic! I need to play this course!!\"  It is great!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
Wow, NY Observer story about @AGSchneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag ; crook. He’s bad for New York.  k61ryFURBH
\"@AndyDubaingltd                       \n Mr Trump,you were created for our generatıon\"  Wow!
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that \"we're in the problem solving business.\"  So true!
\"@lookingforward8                     words of wisdom from the \"pro\" himself!!!! Inspiration!!!&lt;3\"  Great!
\"@high_altitude1  Watching a program about  private 757 definitely the Ferrari of the sky......beautiful\"  Thank you.
\"@JeanRalphiooo I would endorse  in a presidential run ; would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year.\"Thx
\"@11SummerB  As a Dutchess County resident, that is the absolute truth! It's a course and facility to be proud of, Mr Trump!\"   Thank you.
\"@StevePike9                 \n @KieranLalor You've done the same thing at Doral Mr. Trump. Congrats\" Thank you.
\"@metrolinkFAILS                              \n@KieranLalor Mr Trump it's called Envy. Easy as that.\" But so much $$ is raised for charity.
\"@Emily_Ellyn                      \nLove playing the Links in Scotland! GORGEOUS @FinestGolfHoles! \"  Thank you.
\"@PeteDahlgren  I find myself constantly thinking about MOMENTUM thks to you.  Keep giving great advice, we are listening.\"  O.K.
\"@rabidcop109                    \nthanks Donald for the biz tips... Really have me feeling like I can go do this!! Great ideas\"  Terrific!
\"@davidvnyc   Trump Tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the NEW YORK skyline. #IloveNY\"  Thank you.
\"@Lakers305                           \n  I'm hearing #TrumpNationalDoral course looks spectacular! Miami is waitin for you!\"
Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel ; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
Models! Remember to register for the Trump Model Search. Check out the info here: 7mtup6zHP9 @CadillacChamp
\"@RayTirado                          \n Looking forward to meeting you at #CPAC2014 … #askhardquestions\"  Great!
Congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic article--when “B” writes so nicely about you, it really means something. ecw1hjcd9w
\"@OrangeBlood16 #Syracuse is about to be a little more lively,  to visit for Republican fundraiser\" Looking forward to it!
\"@sirtyro saw this today from a few hundred feet! Very impressive building! pBKX7wyO2t\"  Thanks!
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
\"@Gina660:  R the rumors true Mr. Trump? R U running 4 Pres. We need a smart person in the White House.\"
\"@RustyPool1:  You know, America, whether you like him or not, Trump was 100% correct on this one.\"
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
\"@TheSergioGarcia Played the new Trump Doral this morning! Should be great for next week!\" Thx Sergio, u will do great next week, see u then
Building a personal brand? Then focus on being great. Focus on being the best at what you do. Excellent article: 5GlFlzUcuk
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
\"@darealfito:  not only would you be an amazing President, you would be the only one that can give America it's balls back!\"
Will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
\"@BarrusTJ:  Is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#Trump2016\"
\"@mvmoreno1961: “@pmdino007:  @stewart5337 You are an amazing inspiration. Ignore the haters. I do (as much as possible!).
\"@kathy1453:  @DannBushh I'm one of them. You'd be an excellent president.\"
\"@ChrisFoley_: Wearing my Trump shirt to school tomorrow \" GREAT!
\"@getownedbyjones: . @DannBushh #America needs you Donald. If you don't run I'm afraid for the future generations.\"
\"@sobakawa89:   He'll never run, can you really imagine Trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust?\" I' ve done worse!
\"@_xx_justme: “:  I think you should run for president.\" So do many others - thanks!” You have my vote\"
\"@kelsey_2155:  you're seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much.\"   We shoot in 3 weeks - GREAT CAST!
\"@DannBushh:  I think you should run for president.\" So do many others - thanks!
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
\"@Reagan_Nation: Michael Savage: Donald Trump Is The Only Republican That Can Beat Hillary auow8YX1sO\" Thank you Michael!
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
\"@burkejack: Best Course in the World  #trumpinternational lkWrvY4x6V\"
\"@wwulffy: @AllenWest @SenTedCruz  proud to have you 3 on our side !\" Thank you.
.@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
\"@BARMES_andnoble: If donald trump runs for president I will be beyond happy...if he wins I will be beyond, beyond happy\" So nice, thanks!
\"@leoncekakore:  what is the secret behind your success?\" Good ideas and concepts but, beyond everything, I NEVER QUIT!
\"@ChroniclePM:  for president- and some ignorant fools don't understand I am campaigning for him_ dead heads-- @iStartTrend.
\"@cstevechristyjr:  the Country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out China. DT for P!\"  True!
\"@tnaps85: If Donald Trump is our next president, America will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. Amen and alleliua\"  True!
\"@browardpolitics: Conservative leader Al Cardenas describes  as a true patriot./AM\" Great.
\"@ShapiroJD:  rebar at Trump International Chicago is awesome.\"
\"@jkmartin16:  for POTUS 2016/@MELANIATRUMP for FLOTUS!! 🇺🇸\"  I can tell you with certainty, she would be great!
\"Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.\" --Washington Irving
\"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.\"\n-- Samuel Johnson
\"@mfantauzzo1: please save this country Mr. Trump, going to take a business genius to clean up Obamas mistakes. You got my vote!\"
\"@Rampage_31:  If you run sir you have my vote!!! #trumpforpresident\" Thanks.
\"@ElnsKitty:  You're brilliant!\"  I know, but thanks anyway!
\"@KhadeejaNicolle:  if u run 4 #POTUS that's the only way I'll vote republican. Pls consider running. U'd be g8t!!!\"n Thanks
\"@AlexEveslage:  should be president. He could get things DONE.\"  That is so true!
\"@Pekastar:  #Trump2016 and that's all i'm going to say!\" Thanks!
\"@MichaelKakos:  when and if you run, you will be my first president that I vote for in my life!  #trump2016\"
\"@BryantCope:  this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances. #TrumpForPOTUS\"
\"@nsugra:  looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! Great!
\"@barrman:  if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote !\"
\"@lakehostetler:  Mr. Trump, in a nutshell, what is my best course of action to succeed?\" Great ideas and hard work!
\"@ChrissstinaC:  Is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident\" YES, start shooting in two weeks - SEASON 14!
\"@TimothyRosinski:  If you run for POTUS. You will WIN! Just think about that.\"  Thank you.
\"@MarioFMartinezz:  #Trump2016\"
\"@Marshall_Cook:  how do you feel about Kevin O'Leary from shark tank? Reminds me of you.\" But I have much more money ; hair
\"@DavidInspired:  please run for president. This country needs your wisdom.\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@Stelmo757:  @KingRex9 @MichaelWacha come play Trump's course at The Point in Charlotte NC! You won't be disappointed!\"
\"@WalshFreedom:  @KieranLalor or \"buy my books, or chocolate, or water, or my clothing line.\" And make me money, dopey!
\"@megan_lumetta: I've been the first one to favorite three of Donald trumps tweets and I'm pretty proud. \"  Great!
\"@KieranLalor: . why didn't you just add \"Be sure to tune in to NBC this Fall for the Apprentice\"?\" A very good point!
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!
\"@michelleneuf:   We need you and Giuliani in Whitehouse. We need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! And your creativity.\"
.@KieranLalor  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be \"Fired.\"
I took a failed club in Dutchess County ; made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful.
\"@AndyWHumphreys                     \nTrump National Hudson Valley is a gorgeous course. Amazing improvements.@RobAstorino @KieranLalor\" Thx
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherford
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.\n-- Vince Lombardi
\"@woodrowwinters                           \nyou have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you This country needs you badly.\" Thx
A poll of the Miami-Dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in Miami.   @willweatherford @FLGovScott  q0qwxIxRkO
\"@Cmac23Jenkins: I dont care how old it is, I will always get so pumped up when I listen to Donald Trump.\" Really nice (sort of?)!
\"@tspohn: I think it'd be cool if  ran in 2016. He'd get my vote\" Great!
\"@alexrasey: I'd vote for  in a heartbeat 🇺🇸\" Thanks.
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
\"@M_Brannstrom  inspires me. Every day.\"  Thank you.
“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!\"  True, thx
@ron_fournier  Actually, I like you!
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible ; insightful article this weekend on failing ; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical ; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins ; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified.
\"@graeme123s I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes\" Thanks
\"@DaveDautel                     \nBeen following you since your book \"Art of the Deal\". Thank you for your words of wisdom ; insights\"  Thx.
.@willweatherford @FLGovScott \nGaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
.@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
\"@Ructions77                    \n Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ?\"  Yes.
\"@CelebBiach                        \n @IrishCentral @LodgeatDoonbeg welcome to Clare!\" Thank you!
\"@SovereignChadG  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National?\" March 5th.
.@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said “no way!”
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
\"@brasicingbras:  let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from @Macys #trump2016\" Great!
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
\"@Nospin_43:  @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.\"
\"@samraj25:  i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super\"
@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith.
\"@AmSpec: In aiming at #Trump, #BuzzFeed shot its own credibility. S7LjItWym2  @marklevinshow\" Thanks Jeffrey L
\"@IamEbbot:  Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...\"
\"@amarudacosta: Sadly  was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible\"
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
\"@RColdwellBanker: I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a #trumptie to say I'm on top of my game and successful.\"
\"@fastercarrrrrrr:  why are you not running for president in 2016\" We'll see what happens!
\"@SpinningDisk:  Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them.\" LOSERS!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
\"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.\" -- Henry Ford
Bloggers like McKay Coppins ; @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds ; speech not reported. @PiersMorgan
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site ; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec
A legitimate article about me...E2d1qAdAhm
\"@Michael_KSC:  @thedropkicks Whether Global Warming or Climate change. The fact is We didn't cause it. We cannot change it.
\"@SharonSmurfit: “: Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! OKQlIq44ir” Welcome!\" Thank you Sharon!
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
\"@tahanna:  hope one day we'll be honoring you on Presidents Day.\"  So nice!
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox ; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
\"@kathyshirer: Your Country needs you~~Donald Trump~~ Your about the only one in The World; That can get us out of debt!\" Thank you!
\"@rm61307: Donald J. Trump  @GovChristie If Mr.Trump will not run in '16, Christie is the answer. No B/S, no bowing!
\"@chrismashimbyi: The Art Of The Deal by  is one of the greatest books ever!\"  Thank you!
@loveandgarbage  Never said it, a total misquote.
\"@scotgov: Scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power 28a4sya3fu\" Now this would be GREAT!
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
\"@bushpiggy:  jealous you got a magnificant course like Doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. FACT.\"
\"@HelsCahill:  Congrats on adding the beautiful West of Ireland to your golf club portfolio. You have lifted the country!\"
\"@fitbafan: @neaver82  the majority of people near the course fully support it. Problem is a vocal minority (Scotland).
How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
\"@minlarrycornel:  @TrumpDoral Spectacular! Please keep up the good work @minlarrycornel\" Thank you.
\"@enviroclean519 @TrumpChicago my wife and I stayed there for our anniversary.Beautiful place,amazed that all the staff remembered our name\"
\"@AdamEdinburg:  was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! Can I get a RT??\"
@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet,  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
\"@YoungSinatra: Donald trump is still my favorite Mac Miller track\"  Mac has certainly done well with me! How many hits now on Twitter?
\"@MarkAdamsBball: \"Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing.\"- Donald Trump #Passion\"
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish ; boring Trump \"hit\"
\"@DrewMadeOFF: RT : \"I never did a day's work in my #life. It was all #fun.\" -- Thomas A. Edison\"
\"@FaizerMiami:  best advice from the best leader\"
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
\"I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.\"\n -- Thomas A. Edison
\"@brianfinn96:  Will you be coming to Doonbeg ??\"  Yes, very soon.
\"@joandkev8:  what the date of celebrity apprentice I'm excited to see it\"  Start shooting in 3 weeks.
\"@WaApples:  Valentine's Day and wife's 40th @TrumpChicago this weekend!!\" Great.
@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp
\"@richtweett                \n Please do the same thing for the Whitestone Bridge! Thanks Donald Trump!\" I will try!
\"@LongetTerer: Donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement\"
\"@reexaminelife  Monday I lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you ALWAYS exceed your customers expectations\" Thx.
\"@therealTMac11 @TrumpSoHo My wife and I stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful, but the service is outstanding.\" Thank you.
\"@JakeJuliot          \n When will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice?\" Very soon.
\"@dasboot96  Scotland's loss for being short sighted.  Wish you every success with the new club.\" Thank you.  @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
\"@DatAdamGuy                         \n @TrumpSoHo hotel looks great, can't wait to build something just as epic\" Good luck!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
\"@stewart5337: Hi, Don't know why it took me so long to follow you.Welcome to Ireland looking forward to visit your new Golf Club\"
\"@RobertUndefined:  is the real deal, he is the man!\" Thanks!
\"@lkoja: Excited for #CPAC  true inspiration to many Americans\" Thank you.
\"@richardson1232:  is my role model. One of the best Americans out there.\" Thank you Mike.
\"@SheridanBetts: Can't wait for #CPAC because of .\"  I look forward to it also.
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
\"@Augustleo14:  @T_Sharp4 I totally agree! The brain the Don has is so inspiring! I've loved him for years!\"  Thanks!
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI: I definitely agree with @T_Sharp4!  really hope you will run for President!\" Thank you!
\"@mbmirish:  congrats on your purchase in Ireland. How do I apply to work there?\" Write to manager Joseph - good luck!
\"@T_Sharp4: Donald Trump would be the most ideal President\" Thank you!
\"@MandreinaHP                          \nyou're one of my idols, from age 15 I read your books, at 18 I started my company. Thanks\" Great!
@DanScavino Thanks Dan.
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
Our clubhouse facility ; suites in Ireland @LodgeatDoonbeg  #TrumpIreland  ZiMh4Iy9vG\n UJBjdbfkus
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs ; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful  people!
If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!  @LodgeatDoonbeg
\"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\" -- Abraham Lincoln
\"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.\" -- Thomas A. Edison
\"Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.\"  -- Think Like a Champion
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
Make it special!  No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than @TrumpChicago 1F2n7AB7MR
\"Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg  resort: Billionaire says investment shows Ireland’s economy recovering\" jUm2idYrWC
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
“Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews” EW89uqNXV2  via @sacbee_news
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Great purchase in Ireland--- will be a top spot! RNiCQTitXW
“Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – Think Big
W/ views of NYC's skyline, Trump Stamford is Connecticut’s most luxurious high rise, featuring Trump amenities ezK3NiFpIx
\"Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work.\" - Think Like a Champion
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
\"@nabalab:  with Wrestlemania coming up, any chance of renewing your \"rivalry\" with @VinceMcMahon? #YoureFired\" Ask Vince!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my \"twitter\" it is a total scam!
\"@ann_eads:  I agree with you about how people are mocking Russia and their efforts. Only going to hurt us in long run.\"
\"@mega1123:  Please Mr. Trump, put @derekhough on your show #CelebApprentice?\"  He would do great!
\"@GolfSwingShirt:  looking forward to playing Trump National LA on Tuesday with Padraig Harrington !\"  Say hi to PADRAIG!
@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!
@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox ; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
@WesleyCooler3  But nobody asked-a great school!
Via @GolfweekMag by @BKleinGolfweek: “Donald Trump reopens Doral's Blue Monster” zqXwPev4oo
46 stories above downtown New York, @TrumpSoHo features loft-inspired interiors designed by Fendi Casa T3dksYCTS4
\"Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive.\" - Think Like a Champion
How does frumpy ; little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
\"Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.\"  Think Like a Champion
\"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\"\n-- Steve Jobs
\"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.\"\n-- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly \"STUPID\" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
\"Realize that an entrepreneur's most important gift to the world is jobs, security, and well-being for others.\" - Midas Touch
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
CBO estimates over 2.3M jobs will be lost due to ObamaCare CHG5fhA2Q5 Elections have consequences.
Congrats to Pres.Obama and Dems. CBO has TRIPLED its estimate of working hours lost due to ObamaCare CHG5fhA2Q5 Job Killer
@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in VA, @trumpwinery uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines ffCeyI1fuv
In 2016, the Old Post Office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination, Trump Int'l Washington DC VqIHPmpFSx
\"Experience, knowledge, and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate them.\" - Think Like a Champion
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.\n--Thomas A. Edison
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster…. aQAO9zGuNZ @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC @David_Cameron @Aberdeenshire @ScotParl
Rio de Janeiro joins the @TrumpCollection in 2016. It’s going to be a spectacular hotel! AbDOSrzAZo
\"Chance favors the prepared mind.\"\n-- Louis Pasteur
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
The @PGATOUR comes to Miami on March 6th when the @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral 887inAZsUg See you there!
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
Via @MiamiHerald: “@IvankaTrump talks family and business” sAauccnF2b
\"@Gfeorg:  President Obama should visit Macy's and buy some beautiful Trump silk ties.\"
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
\"@TrumpCollection: A great time was had by all at @TrumpDoral's Gary Player Villa opening.
\"@LaurD123: Oh hey I saw bill o'reilly at a mets game once with Donald trump\" @oreillyfactor will do great today with interview of O!
\"@bhughes657: I wonder if NBC will have #RachelMaddow interview Donald Trump before the Olympics?\"  Would get GREAT ratings!
\"@realKeithPatton: Congratulations  on your legal victory.\"  Thanks!
\"@AladesuruA: i am now a big believer in  THINK BIG strategies....\"
Go to the website for the Judge's full decision re Trump University:  KYNFhgoQDA
\"@linclonone  Congrats on your win. Never considered you would not win enjoy you every Monday on fox\"  Thank you
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY pd5tRocvwq
\"The unforgivable crime is soft hitting. Do not hit at all if it can be avoided; but never hit softly.\" -  Theodore Roosevelt
\"@KevinWeatherbee '--tremendous victory in Trump University case vs. lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!' Saw this coming\" Thx
\"@GodFatha702 @AGSchneiderman Let's see if MSM reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation.\" Thanks
\"@OBrienMurray                       \nLet's hope the press covers the loss for @AGSchneiderman as they did the false charges!\" Thanks.
To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s ass. Stop settling and fight!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
\"@bagomaan_87                          \nNever learned so much from one book, you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant.\" Thx.
\"@jtatsuno                          \n Mr. Trump, it's commendable that you have over 2.5 million Follows....\"  Thank you.
\" @WealthyJACK                     \n True. I read it - great book, Mr. Trump.\"  Thanks.
Article from The Street--The Donald's Trump Card: Himself LBRxofvpUE
\"@mattj4226                      \n My day was made when I read that you will be speaking at my first #CPAC!\"  I hope you like it!
\"@danrothweil                \n Donald wins again with the best brain break tweet (Aristotle quote). Thanks and back to work.\" Thank you.
\"@IDollyLenz  RIGHT ON! “Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.\" Thanks Dolly!
Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangworthy’s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
Via @BreitbartNews by mboyle1: \"EXCLUSIVE - DONALD TRUMP CONFIRMED TO SPEAK AT #CPAC2014\" ndY373ljGA  @ACUConservative @CPACnews
\"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.\" -- Aristotle
.@IamStevenT stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! BVfjkJzmfb
“Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable.” – Midas Touch
\"@robertfritz308                       \n can u please wish me a happy birthday! I'm a big fan! Thank you.\" Happy Birthday.
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro, our first South American @TrumpCollection hotel set to open in 2016 7UM8bjFITi
\"@caleb2207:  is our future. Only he can turn our country around. #TRUMP2016\"
\"@AceBuey:  sadly, HBO had no morals and gave that garbage another show @billmaher\"  BOYCOTT HBO!
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
\"@Desheay:  DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016. A New Era Of Prosperity FOR ALL......\"  True, and it would be easy!
Remember when \"comedian\" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
\"@sherrymcmurry:  .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat Hillary.\"
\"@vicki_cedeno:  Donald Trump for President? That would be so awesome!\" Nice!
\"@ou_sg: , Please Mr.Trump America needs someone like you to help our country. Trump 2016 for President.\" Thank you!
\"@bahia6085:  Success rule-Surround yourself w/successful people. Do it with twitter. Follow Trump=Success.\"
\"@GropperBlotter:I've been listening to @Espngreeny ; @espngolic for years.The  interview today is an all-timer, sensational
\"@bahia6085:  Timeless Classic.\"  So nice!
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
Press conference at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral . NaZv7RLJgO
With @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral-  9hlTb2hbnj
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, ; worse care. Job killer!
\"If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?\" - Think Like a Champion
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
Now the UN is attacking @Redskins franchise MAjV6J8acP With all the world's problems, is this really a top priority?
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Thanks to everyone for your support on @CNBC’s “Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels” vvhttp://cnb.cx/1fi8fO5  Thanks for voting Trump!
The @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th 887inAZsUg Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!
Mike ; Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike ; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
\"@peyton2419: Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.\"
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
\"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art ; working is art ; good business is the best art.\" A. Warhol
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\" -- Albert Einstein
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
\"@HMunjal:  When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune?\" Very soon!
\"@LangWillar:  When? If it was before today, you're good. If you sold it today, not that good...\" I sold it last week!
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.\n-- Thomas A. Edison
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
\"@kwrcrow:  Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work.\" I will, thanks!
Will be on Fox ; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
\"@betterhermann:  What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision.\"
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
\"@dawson_Stock: Don't forget. \"Global warming\" can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!\"
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
\"@nandigold13:  thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best\"  Thank you!
\"@TONYWELCH007:  It all starts at@Trump Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable opportunities.
via WSJ. Wake up @AlexSalmond before you destroy Scotland. @David_Cameron, @AberdeenCC, @pressjournal OFw93jXH6G
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!
90 stories over midtown New York, Trump World Tower’s glass curtain wall is a true landmark sjCLlGacDM
Great day yesterday at  @TrumpDoral unveiling the new Gary Player Villa ajkUZlYqbg Gary is a champion and a great guy.
Honored to be named as one of business’s “Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels” by @CNBC yjh6BrhqCP Vote Trump!
\"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\"  Albert Einstein
\"You never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself.\" -- Think Like a Champion
Great @UnionLeader  piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @NECouncil ; @nhiop Politics ; Eggs  cPu79OJRlI
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
\"@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016\" Happy Birthday.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife @MELANIATRUMP -- a truly great decision by me! eO9ei1njWv
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
\"@jjprl: Just left @TrumpDoral what an amazing spot.  and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral
\"@LA_Reid: \"I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.\" -Donald Trump #BeEpic\"
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
Hope ; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt  qErjUHyUlH
Excited for tomorrow’s Politics ; Eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @NECouncil ; @nhiop. Live stream here 0wen0kBnOJ
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
\"Whether you think you can or think you can't--you're right.\"  Henry Ford
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont) tyD2AJfpry
\"@brianerbland                     \n is the best choice for NY, it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP\" Thanks.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
\"@ScotlandGolf1 Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played ; that is saying something\" True, thx XXQavT8KwO
Fox ; Friends at 7.00
\"@GunBunInTheOven: . YOURE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TRUMP\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@bbeltku: Named my first born son after  Hope he lives up to the name!\"  He will be a total winner!
\"@jesale84:  if you were president Mr.Trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in?  Many things
\"@mckprk:  is my inspiration to be great\" Work hard and smart!
\"@RealMaky: I really look up to  his work ethic is great! Continuing to work hard and to work smart 🙏\"
\"@benlouix:  you are the most influential man in the world. And @RSherman_25 is a close second after tonight's game\"
\"@ChadSheridan: I'm inspired by people all the time. People like my parents, grandparents, and yes,  the guy is smart.
\"@jeffredman5:  #Trump4Prez\"  Thank you!
\"@Badash78:  @ToddThomson12 @RSherman_25 Sherman has great respect for you Mr. Trump.\"
\"@sendrajeremy: Can only try to be as successful as the  #GetKatapulted\"  Work hard!
\"@ToddThomson12: Is there enough room for @RSherman_25 and  egos in NYC at the same time?\" YES!
\"@JLsmoothh:  run for president please\"
\"@ALLEN1328:  Next president of the U.S.
\"@hartataq81:  @arabinkid88 when you going to be our new POTUS\"  Only time will tell - thanks!
\"@istoddisgood:  Even in Australia you're an inspiration!\"  Thanks!
\"@jakematt1999: In all honesty if  would enter into politics I'd be his number 1 supporter, even though I'm in liberal #NC
\"@TONYWELCH007:  Trump National@Doral will be a very special PGA event 2014\"
\"@MELANIATRUMP: 📷 #tbt #throwbackthursday zb80GcPmqM\"
\"@diamondman23:  this guy has got good stuff, your the man Trump, 130am and I'm up reading your book, M938F91fyf
\"@akers_joshua: @pearlingjosh Absolutely amazing. Still not sure about running for Pres. Mr. Trump?? lol The world loves you.\" Thanks!
\"@arabinkid88:  true inspiration to many people including myself #StriveForGreatness\"
\"@rcarlc:  amen. You’re an American #Hero\" Thank you so much!
\"@pearlingjosh: You are a big inspiration to me Mr.Trump. I'm 24,Ugandan.When I make it,I will call my first business In D.J.Trump we Trust\"
\"@LacroixRoxane:  I believe you as all your Children are poised, respectful and genuine. Good job :)\"  Thanks Roxane!
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Rising over Bay Street, @TrumpTO brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City LU6CDh7VTD
Wow, just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics ; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
@EdwardFCox and @RobAstorino, who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
@NewYorkGOP leader Ed Cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
Senate concludes “Benghazi could have been prevented” mBJwc4IrDr
@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on.
Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics ; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
Great article by @AmSpec's Jeffrey Lord: “The Reagan Revolution. And now… the  Revolution?” btYirBJLLB
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
Terrible story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight @AGSchneiderman  U6K93DNL05 Does Eric wear eyeliner?
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly Gbsvaf6N0p
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
\"@WLynton                            \nIt's my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?\"  Happy Birthday
\"@tonyge0101                  \n  why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!\"  Thanks.
\"@akers_joshua I've read 3 books from  ; the best advice is in all three. \"Do something you're passionate about.\"  Great.
\"@1JeffHensley                     \n I'm a Yankee fan ; I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016!\"  Great, thx.
\"@OsamaBinBallinn: Out of all the \"celebrities\"  is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
\"@SpenceGarcia805:  is the man!! Huge inspiration\" Thanks!
\"@dustinjm19:  a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.
\"@RDPomin:  Trump needs his own Late Night Show!\"
\"@JerseyShoeLace: I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow  on a daily basis\" You can't live without it!
\"@robmotmotcally:  good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? #scotland\"  Record business!
\"@MichaelSteele: Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT : \"@ichicagoscott:  Thanks Michael, it will be the best -  keep up the great work!
\"@joannakirshner: Enjoying my stay at the beautiful @TrumpPanama. Thanks  for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
\"@JacksBeach:  @jeffredman5 Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person.\" Thanks, but he is good!
\"@MarkMizzouSteel:  @ichicagoscott @TrumpChicago Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!\"
\"@ichicagoscott:  how would you describe @TrumpChicago in one word?\"  Magnificent!
\"@johnnyb23390:  - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!\"
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
\"@SolomonDodson:  someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!\"  Thank you!
\"@mustbeAT_15: I'll be just like you one day \" You can do better than that!
\"@arqpallares: Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed @IvankaTrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!\"
\"@str8thinker: As president  would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity\"  TRUE!
\"@RyleyRLynn:  please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!\"  Thank you
\"@Michele_WV:  PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.\"  There is plenty to straighten out!
\"@dintres:  we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!  SO TRUE!
\"@PREACHPALERIDER:  begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.\"
\"@haventravel:  you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.\"
\"@caleb2207:  my family is going to Hawaii ; I told them to go to @TrumpWaikiki I told them that yours' are the best!\"
\"@TinaPiper:  so ready for another #celebrityapprentice I love love that show!\"
\"@jennamstrachota:  Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.\"
\"@KcLivegreen:  Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!\"
@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
\"@ApprenticeNBC: Sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?\"  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
\"@CarolynGoltman  It's my birthday and what a wonderful gift if I could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :-)\" Happy Birthday
\"@BobSmit98038199:  where can I get these ties ?\" @Macys and Trump Tower.
\"@TWERKMlLEY:  @robsine Did you know your picture is on here?! You were so cute omg! 💕 isqOjxovBs\"
\"@robsine: Wearing my  tie today. Gonna be a great day. #confidence #wishihadfiveofthem\" Great!
\"@ryanbushby:  only you know the truth Donald!!! Please run for president, only you can save the #USA\"
\"@_cnolan: We need someone like or  himself for President in 2016!\" Thank you!
\"@Dave_Brown_: If  runs for president he has my vote\" Thanks!
\"@MichaelRCaputo: Catch  on Fred Dicker's @TALK1300 radio show Tuesday at 10AM re: the governor's race. LISTEN LIVE:
\"@pruett_jason:  Would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader\"
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
\"@D_Cash_honey:  I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you.\"  So nice, thanks!
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history- UnzMbVodMo
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes ; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
\"@PIERPAOLOMONNI                     \n @ArekRNBN Definitely a great book! Think like a Champion, to be a Champion!\"  Thanks.
\"@KarateMomCCM                      \nYou are an inspiration and I admire your honesty, perseverance and business sense.\"   Thank you.
\"@FlushingHearing             \n Looking forward to hearing you speak at the Starkey Expo on Thursday\"10 AM/ Las Vegas/Great!
\"@ArekRNBN              \nJust finished another great Trump book, one more to go  DPsvidFk1i\"  Great!
\"@ejfriday                     \n Wow DonaldTrump for pres...America prepare for exceptional Greatness. Cheers\" Thanks.
\"@betterhermann                 @caleb2207 @oreillyfactor I think a show on Fox w/Donald Trump would be something to look forward to.\" Agree
\"@jjprl @TrumpDoral  what an amazing spot. Donald Trump ; his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself\" Thx
@jglenstevens No, we need a great businessman.
@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
\"@vijaychopra7       \nU are one of the most gifted personalities today. Keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts\" Thank you.
\"@CaliPaulMichael                     \n do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you??\" Yes.
\"@nsatte:  I'm a big fan. We just got a Trump mattress and it's great, like I knew your brand would be.\" From Serta!
Will be doing Fox ; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
\"@Sunflowers362:  I have been reviewing my options for this #Obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. I'm worried!\"
@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
\"@CarmineValenti:  Please run for President,everyone will vote for you.Oh yeah and buy the Mets, They'll be 162-0 every year
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
\"@gjcream:  Thank you for being a strait shooter. You are an inspiration to all of us young business owners.\" Thank you!
\"@HeelsofsteelAH:  Please be our next president!!!!! We will all vote for you!!!!!!\"
\"@RGhilinoCLU: I bought a couple beautiful  ties at @Macys today. Guaranteed to look sharp this week.\"
I will be doing Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
\"@IvankaTrump: .@GolfDigestMag predicts that  is Golf's greatest builder today. #BlueMonster #Aberdeen #FerryPoint\"
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
\"@elizabethtrivis:  @G0D_ you will get my vote\"  Thanks!
\"@G0D_: @RealShaneHiles  until  a proven job creator ; inspiration for the common man\"
\"@DarleneMichele:  @G0D_ u would definitely be our best looking president ever :)\"  Thank you, very nice!
\"@stephencranford:  that's awesome! #Trump4President #TRUMP2016\"
\"@chrisexpress5: Only  could help this country out of the hole it's in. #Trump2016\"
\"@Jenylyn23:  what would be your first action as President?\"  TO END OBAMACARE!
\"@G0D_:  WHEN WILL WE HAVE ANOTHER PRESIDENT LIKE REAGAN? #TRUMP2016\"
\"@emanuelcenerini:  I think americans know that You would be a great President..no possibility for the others\" Thanks!
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
\"@BillDMeyer1971: @gretawire  @FoxNews We need him as governor... this state is a mess.....\"
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
\"_xx_justme  I still can't believe Donald Trump responded to my tweet. \"Respect\" #Trump2016 He would be the best Pres for this Country.\" Thx
\"@skyblue2050                   \n The Apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it!\"  Thank you.
\"@PRINCEOMEGA                 \n@ZagatChicago  @SixteenChicago BRAVO!!!\"  Thank you. @TrumpChicago
\"@CircleofDocs                    \n @TrumpChicago we love the Trump Chicago. Great place to live and visit.\"  Thank you.
\"@brad4634  A beautiful addition to my city's skyline and great dining!! Thanks for making Chicago more beautiful than ever!!\" Thank you.
\"@elspryte                    \n fantastic point of view, 95% of uk would agree with you there\" @AlexSalmond
\"@tinaclean               \n when is your Vancouver BC hotel going to be finished?\" 18 months.
\"@L100RAN                       \nAgree!  The best thing @AlexSalmond can do is start telling the TRUTH and nothing but the TRUTH!\"
\"@Discoboy7                \nSalmond is on a one man crusade to destroya Brilliant Union ; his u turn on your investment is a disgrace!\" Thx
\"@KentTucker   planning a golf trip to Scotland Aug 2015 - should we plan on playing Trump Int'l??\"  Yes, it is the best.
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL. py6BxSRvPr
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
One of the world's tallest buildings, @TrumpChicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options anamGuDUrE
Via @foxnewslatino: “Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom” IjvE8KgvFG
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
“Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and it’s time Alex Salmond manned up, stopped blaming Westminster (cont) DtI4kmItVm
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
\"@1HotNinja:  Please run for president, it would be my dream come true. No better person to run U.S.A.\"
\"@tylerthurston: Happy Birthday , I always look forward to reading your advice.\".Great!
\"@BattleFace2Face:  You got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016\"
\"@PrezBridgette:  Thank You For Inspiring This World.\" No, thank you!
\"@lindsey_derek: Out of all the famous people on twitter, the only one I see tweet regular people is ! #Greatguy\"
\"@Herr_Barclay: Got to love the Monday segments by  on Fox ; Friends. Never miss it. It's not Monday but worth a mention!
\"@sloat24:  I can vote now and I expect to be voting for #Trump2016\"  Thank you!
\"@debragarrett:  happy Birthday to one of my most admired men!!! Like a fine wine Mr. Trump🍷 Have a great Birthday! THANKS!
\"@InTheElections:  See, I told you God wanted you to be president, he's had me praying for you about it y many years.\" .Wow, so nice!
\"@maomaothecat:  can't sleep thinking about the new Celeb Apprentice!!!\"
\"@iAndyOlson: “: “@Raj_Tut: I’m 22 (I own) my company @TutandTut I started because of you… any advice?\" Give me 10%(kidding)
\"@PatKetley: Birthdays are special and a retweet from  would make it even more special\"  Happy Birthday!
\"@PIETIEV:  happy new year, Mr. Trump. Who was your role model before you became successful?\"  My father, Fred Trump.
\"@rhino848484:  where would NBC be without the apprentice? You make the TV Network Mr. Trump\"
\"@18_4_LIFE:  @caleb2207 You should get a job at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave!\"
\"@Raj_Tut: I'm 22... my company @TutandTut owns $6 million worth of multi-family properties... I started because of you... any advice?\"Great
\"@JasonGandy:  Donald why the hell don't you run for President. Business genius unlike @BarackObama. #2016\"
\"@18_4_LIFE: Not only a GREAT show, but what's forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! Great work being done.\"  THANKS!
\"@benwiley3:  @Macys my Donald Trump tie is my prized possession in my closet!\"  Great!
\"@Willy_Kingston: This country's economy would be back on track if  became the next President.\"  So true, thanks!
\"@caleb2207: You should get a show on FoxNews! With your brilliant ; independent mind I think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor\"
\"@sundance0272:  Congratulations Mr. Trump. We have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. So entertaining!  Thanks!
\"@Pertinax193: @EricTrump  Now let's get the course in my neighborhood at Kluge on track. My membership awaits.\"  Thanks!
\"@jeffredman5:  celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. Great cast every season!\"
\"@_xx_justme:  I'd give anything for you to be our President. You have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!\"NICE
\"@GFCFrocks:  Love the Apprentice!!!\"
\"@tormike:  best reality show on TV. Love the challenges\"
\"@Katdhairstudio:  I can't wait for this year. I never miss Apprentice!\" Show and cast will be amazing!
\"@Theshingleguy: my family and I stayed at @TrumpChicago last weekend. It was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside!\"  GREAT!
@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
\"@JUrciuoli19:  With this cast u will have the #1 show on TV! Fans are excited! Can you confirm? Justin,thanks-will be great
\"@NickThompsonPGA: Thank you  for letting me play at @trumpinternational.... The best golf course ever! WE ARE PROUD OF YOU!
\"@kevinrleyland:  Has it been more than you ever expected?\" Far more and far better!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Please, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
\"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.\" - Think Big
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
\"@EpilepsyS                 \n Will you or @EricTrump try to be president of the united states? You could be a great president.\"  Thanks.
\"@duffman263            \nJust realised  was in home alone 2! Looking dapper as always\" Thank you.
\"@RandDHenninger    great quote!                I'm in the turf business. Nj and Phil. Your sups and courses are top notch!\"  Thank you.
\"@BobBursey:  if you run for president, you'll get my vote. Along with every one I know\" Thanks, so nice!
\"@secaucus00:  respect your tweets I listen and share with my kids\" Thanks Bob.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision ; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Via @TIMEPolitics by @zekejmiller: “Trump To Visit New Hampshire” ydotdDWcDs
Just hit a million on Facebook- FDv4aLoomz
\"@Drake4444444                    \nthe only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for Pres ; bring common sense back to govt\" Thx.
\"@jorgekb                  \n@TrumpDoral  Blue Monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! Amazing course layout !! \" Thank you.
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
\"@princebe:  Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it' XZBepuyI1O via @theregister\"
“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall ; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Welcome to the new ObamaCare reality – Doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery W2Lru0takZ
@TrumpGolfLA is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views  MYiwkyfiVU
@fundanything has great campaigns. Support one today W0MDqPckX4
Via @BloombergNews by Peter Millard: \"Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil\" 88bgcAfLX8
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, ; is an important element of success.
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.\n--Henry David Thoreau
“Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early ; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
\"Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life.\" - Think Big
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
The only Forbes 5 Star ; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star ; 5 Diamond restaurant @TrumpNewYork offers elite luxury 5jKwZzRuJE
\"@HunterBalthazor:  if you ran for president you got my vote. Fix the country!\"  Thanks
\"@lutherice:  ties are amazing, very well made!\"
\"@jeffredman5:  you are the MAN!!!\"
\"@BlakeWebb6: Safe to say that  is the biggest stud on the planet #GOP #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@ShadeTreeGambla:  irony is.... Imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!\"
\"@ma22dogs:  @TrumpLasVegas the rooms are like condos. Perfect for families. Very accommodating staff. Thanks!
\"@rayleebates:  Don for prez\"  Thank you.
\"@noahshappy:  very true comment Donald, I'm glad we have people like you in this day and age\"
\"@MeleMallory:  You know it's actually called CLIMATE CHANGE, right? That's only because GLOBAL WARMING wasn't working!
\"@ScreenPlayWritr:  Is Al Gore on that ship?\"
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisley
Bring in 2014  @TrumpSoHo's  NYE soireé -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi ; @VeuveClicquot zV0y7vXm6S
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
Entrepreneurs – be tough, resolute ; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen
\"@4clint               \nwhat is key to attracting new customers.thanks\" The gold standard, only the best for clients ; customers. Every time
“The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
\"@SueGriffiths19                  \nBeen a bit quiet lately? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up?\" Be positive, do your best!
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Ask yourself, \"Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?\" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
\"@alefx33: Nelson Mandela and  two world's leaders CbgQodlVnW\"
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
\"@HumorInstitute: I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see @TheRealRoseanne on Celebrity Apprentice before I die.\"She would be great
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
\"@ProudlySA: Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country ; invite you to visit - we will host you ; show you the beauty\"
@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
Via  @shinysheet: \"Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities.\" yEAhDUaA25
\"Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.\" - Think Like a Champion
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere. PnqXWj2v4h
Thank you to @AmSpec ; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article “Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.” 1yHFiYy82v
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join @TrumpChicago for the chic ; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration CboysyMnza
\"Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression.\"- Think Like a Billionaire
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out ; go on to victory!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
\"@Bayojay: “: “After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big”  True!
\"@Bayojay: “: A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela”\"
\"@kpelkey7:  I'm not a friend nor an enemy, just an admirer! Merry Christmas to you!\"  You also, thanks!
\"@Bayojay: “: \"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.\" -- Mario Andretti\"””\"
\"@Bayojay: “: \"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do.\" -- Steve Jobs”\"
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
\"@lotyworks: !!!“: “Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion”  So true!
“Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry Bird
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
\"@sneal50            \nThe best thing you \"win\" by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from  ..... \" Thank you.
\"@Tudowz              \nI look up to my man  for he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history.\" Thx
\"@sirtyro                  \n How do you deal with anxiety?\"  I don't! I refuse to even think about it. Be positive.
\"@MrsDFRizzo7 good thing about Trump..NOT a snob. A straight-arrow w/street sense. Appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate\" Thx.
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
@TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
\" @ZootmanTom                 \n love your words of wisdom.  Merry Christmas ; happy new year\"  Thanks.
\"@BigBobLarsen               \n I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire...\"  Thank you.
#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
\"@CitizenZeroLand:  Yo, bro, you rock! Fo real.\"  Very cool, thanks!
\"@BaatorKosu:  awesome\"  Thsnks!
\"@kuhteesmiff: I love Donald Trump. #apprenticeaddict ....  ❤️\" Thank you, so nice!
\"@Ludlow_Matthew: First time in @TrumpTowerNY and in NYC, and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss! Beautiful building and a must see place!
Will be on Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!
@HerschelWalker  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
\"@BobOBomo: “@HistoryInPics: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson yOAJQvtbvd”\"
\"@kelsey_2155: hey  you're my fav\"  Thanks.
\"@SavingNancy: . we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY!
\"@OneAndOnlyRiz:  @AlexSalmond Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists. How do you sleep at night?\" To the sound of death!
\"@manny_ottawa: @Alex_Norcia  seems like @AlexSalmond has a history of bad decision making. Maybe that's the point\" TURBINES
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
\"@Sir_JamesM: Mr  I admire your determination so much, my best wishes to you and your family.\" Thank you.
\"@MasonChampion: I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by .\" Great!
\"@cyberpunksamuri: the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having  re-tweet me once\"  Merry Christmas!
\"@DonDonS1383:  Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? That is great news!
\"@ImSoCelebrity: It just seems like a tweet from  will inspire the person to achieve great things. That's just my belief.WOW
\"@iSmoke_POTter:  is a genius when's it comes to business\"  Thank you!
\"@tschumann8: I hate everything that  says/does for the most part, but he's a Great businessman so I respect that.\"  O.K.!
\"@Phyneguy2013: I have always been a strong follower of your teachings. I don't know why u have started being so negative.\"  I haven't!
\"@theehayleymarie: Few things in life are as wonderful as my  mattress. It's like laying on a cloud. #heavenly\" By Serta!
\"@cynstweet:  Wrapping the  collection shirts ; ties I bought at #Macys. Gorgeous Christmas gifts!\" Great!
\"@_Jcourtney95: Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of  the man is a legend\"  Thank you, so nice!
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. See if your question made it- sBlOY0JxmJ
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge? G4ZBtjUkgW
It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
Trump National Hudson Valley's 7,693 yd, par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses. Fz5o9BGngZ
Packed with holiday celebrations, members ; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at @Trump_Charlotte 7sLx4k35Z1
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel, @TrumpTO has 261 guest rooms ; suites furnished in elegant, cosmopolitan style.  fogCH2mx2c
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute Rockne
ObamaCare Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration” o3cUA4gYzR @JamesOKeefeIII \nstrikes again!
Can’t fool Americans. 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare U1Du47apAs Reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity.
Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from “The Street.”      \nCv5n5PFDIj
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeed
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps ; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John. gdyk6Eylai
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called ; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant!
Enough about my ties etc. @Macys, but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!
\"@briansaheed:  Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr. Trump..\" True!
\"@moonorion: You very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian. Stand up against #AETV w us now!\"
\"@JUrciuoli19:  2014 is a big year for Apprentice too! 10 years ago this January it started!\" So true, amazing!
\"@STHRNWAYS: If more people thought like  the world would be a better place. #TrumpForPresident2016\"  Thanks!
\"@Lowery01: Hey  where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? 😳\"  Go to Macy's online.
\"@Katdhairstudio:  @josh_hlbrk Trump is addicting\"  I'm sure you are also!
\"@Jack_Whiteman:  All I want for Christmas is more of your ties, great quality!\"  Thanks!
\"@TheChrisRooney:  my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic!\" Great, thanks!
\"@josh_hlbrk:  If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements, I will unfollow you.\"  No you won't, you're stuck.
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
\"@mariadomenique9:  my brother wears your ties to work everyday. He loves them. He's also a huge fan of yours!\" Say hello!
\"@paulmilton28:👍 Mr Trump. I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan.   Who is carrying your line here in Toronto?\" Macy's online.
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
For all of those that think life is easy ; don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style ; design exclusively available @Macys.
“If you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!
\"@NinjaDomoEsq:  should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.\"  I agree!
\"@surferev:  @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what??\" Thank you!
\"@twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.\"Not haters,losers!
FRACK NOW ; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists 2511unQf1I Congratulations to the Obama administration.
@GolfweekMag's \"Best @GolfweekPhotos of 2013\":  Donald Trump at @TrumpDoral P7UtsNR8B5
ObamaCare Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare” zNGTuhJat6
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt
Unsustainable. With our $17T debt ; $90T in unfunded liabilities, government “blatantly” wasted $30B this year 6jdLoAGQnI
@TrumpScotland’s beautiful MacLeod House ; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations ; dining w/ sea views  aedSjDGXfr
When @crowleyCNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate, she was defending a complete lie K7nw9pKCjA
Congrats to Pres.Obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost's “biggest Pinocchios of the year” K7nw9pKCjA  Great accomplishment!
No better place to celebrate New Year’s Eve than @TrumpSoHo, the most elite hotel in downtown NYC bO8iSIJfee
Prime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
Wow, a really great review of my golf club in Scotland, @TrumpScotland, in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you! 5iBGLd5dHm
“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
\"@brentporter34:  #firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while. I'm holding faith you will run for any office. Thanks Brent!
\"@PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for @TIME person of the year,. Time=no guts!
\"@BlakeGermony:  the only man that understands politics, #trump2016\"
\"@illest_beats:  i think you would be our best president since Reagan\"
\"@0xbloood: @ForQ2  Hey I LOVE  He is a man that commands authority\"  Thank you!
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air ; not on wasteful ; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China ; others are hurting our air
They call it \"climate change\" now because the words \"global warming\" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The \"global warming\" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
\"@JoshinAk: @BillyHallowell I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!  Great!
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas ; holiday gift by far
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman.  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
@PolitiFact’s #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade.
Via @gatewaypundit: “Please Pray for Me… I Am Losing My Insurance” G0BaT4OUhF   Just one of the millions of cases like this...
Now Sebelius is “'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid” tdZnSWiJHf  Complete mess. Enrollment Numbers are a sham.
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE ; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont) TChMrJcqMA
Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
My complaint against @AGSchneiderman is a “case study” for JCOPE ; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Economics behind ugly, bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont) 0qGVX4gs1w
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
\"@Markhousego                     \nMyself ;  back in the summer.Great place ; a great man. 91abAcgNKn\" Thx Mark
\"@Lisa_Smith70                    \n A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service. #NelsonMandelaMemorial\"
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts ; cufflinks @Macys—great for Christmas ; holidays.
Exciting news—After massive construction, the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today. \n4KaTXXwm9q
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
Via @PatheosFamily by @BristolsBlog:  \"Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'\" dp6w5Dq7EV Thanks Bristol!
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
Via @ChristianPost \"@NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini\" eApdNuonLK
Via @theblaze by @BillyHallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN” WAANzqPvYf
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
The atrium of @TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas- 0FHEzYT6O3
@BenCooner @RED931FM @SCOTTHALLNWO @Jassisidhu @b_coalition @WWE @0 Happy Birthday Sarina.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- 6ksLuFzRHw @PeteRose_14
\"@marianne_hund        \n thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!\" Thx
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
\"@LBabcock2: We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes\"
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
\"@kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this\"
\"@BobSmit98038199:  @AGSchneiderman botox botox botox botox\"
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Via @ACLJ: \"Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight\" wq1aM9p6tV
\"@borland_jim                \n After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar.\"  Thank you.
\"@RonaldRosenthal               \n@BillHemmer  @PeteRose_14 LET PETE Rose in!!! YES!!!! he deserves it\"
Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies ; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
.@JohnKerry claims he has \"never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels.\"  Where are the results?
\"@YMatthews956                     \nHave u ever considered meeting w/ Obama? He might be open to your wisdom ; business savvy.\" I doubt it!
\"@DaveInChrist             \n @EncouragedEve @NaghmehAbedini This is great!! How awesome of Mr. Trump!\"  Thank you.
\"@brucesteve52         \n @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for caring for this family and their need. God bless you!\"  Thank you.
\"@DavidSBaldwin                     \n ; #NelsonMandela. Both legends.\"  Wow, what a compliment.
\"@kayvbb              \n @NaghmehAbedini Thank you for raising awareness on her plight!!\" My honor.
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.\n-- Nelson Mandela
A beautiful view from my office today- shwLiuXF2H
“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion
.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! @jheil
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugs—just hard work and talent!
Great meeting with @NaghmehAbedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed, who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed ERtLfwrs11
How can NYS allow lightweight @AGSchneiderman to remain in office? What are JCOPE ; Moreland Commissions waiting on? GDiLw5OvJX
Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight @AGSchneiderman. dkbNc6DKPD
Via @worldnetdaily by @MichaelCarl7: “Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor” rZ2FFrgajw
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed
State Senator Shirley Huntley \"ratted\" on black politicians ; was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman, nobody listened. Racism!
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
\"@koos32                \n Donald, you also belong in the same category as a great leader. The US needs you!\" Thanks.
\"@warrencasselljr                      \nWatching The Apprentice UK. Not as good as 's Apprentice.\" True!
\"@adamricheal                       DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch ; no nonsense approach\" Thx.
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
\"@DennyHuntington                     \n@foxandfriends I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations\" Thanks
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Where’s the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed  ACAa5e50Cs  His signature legislation...
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed ; got bad reviews.
It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa ; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders ; managers.
As always ; due to popular demand,@TrumpRink will be open  Christmas eve ; day as well as New Year's eve ; day lxbXG52zKi
\"@wakafee1017                   \n Everyone should look at what he has done ; take notes if you want to be successful.\" Thx
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
Via @bluegreentweet: \"Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed\"YWlqaSCQSQ
\"@discretepi4you                    \n @foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week. Clear, concise and common sense!\" Thanks.
\"@foolishvessel                     \n - was so awesome u hosted @NaghmehAbedini this week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed!\" I will!
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category), it is terrific.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
\"@CONKJR:   did you tour @TrumpGolfLA. One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard\" Thank you!
@VanityFair   Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
@LoisPope1   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
\"@HMunjal:  You're one of the most educated, handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you.\"  Thank you!
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
\"@beandp749: « I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. »Donald Trump\"
\"@SportsProverbs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. – Donald Trump\"
\"@TimLeman:  What was one thing others underestimated about you?\"  That I never give up!
\"@_TrevorJames: I'd work for  for free\"  I love that!
\"@MissUniversNEWS: Miss Universe 2012 @oliviaculpo with the boss  during #MissUniverse2013 #ThrowBack zGU7sYmgr8
Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities.
“After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big
@trumthomp  Thanks.
My shirts, ties ; cufflinks @Macys have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.
“You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.” - \n@MichaelPhelps
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
The now $1.2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. W1zv7STHBi
Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has  abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches, @TrumpWaikiki is Hawaii’s top destination  w/our signature amenities  vGGmsi0YJi
Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati, the financial ; social capital of Philippines xGYO2vawfq
.@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
@KBetter52 Thank you.
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
\"@HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020. Congratulations, a fantastic win!
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
\"@bonz21                      \n because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it! Keep blasting away!\"Thx
@RobertW33157775 Thanks.
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
\"@happypaultk                     \n look what heavy winds did to one of our Scottish wind turbines\" goNBiALCek
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. GVziRpWbkB
\"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\" -- Albert Einstein
Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course ; club on the Palos Verdes peninsula. Big success. JcbyQCIcH2
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build ; operate—don’t work. (cont) YAm3DsC3lN
.@VattenfallGroup wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @AlexSalmond won’t let them—he’s (cont) 3mMhWZjmGz
.@VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire
The problem w/ the concept of \"global warming\" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on \"fixing it\" while China ; others do nothing!
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
Our billion dollar website- JbpMopI1L2
A special message for Martin Bashir- 7PpOJclyeR
Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly, he didn’t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSA
Sleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA
\"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.\" --Harry S. Truman
\"To become a champion, fight one more round.\" -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion
\"Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.\"  -- Albert Camus
\"@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr  who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?\"
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
New reality. Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency emAgwnMQXv  Our leaders better get smart fast.
Wow, it’s now official. ObamaCare website has topped $1B 2IrbJtKR15 Will soon be up to $1.5B
@Candy_Uptigrove  Thanks.
@codyaa722 Yes, it will happen.
@jeffreypham Great!
@MichaelArrante Happy Birthday
@TrumpSoHo’s four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices, each embodying excellence 4xhdJLvIhF
@TrumpChicago Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicago’s most spacious hotel rooms, each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows uEO8BfYKA5
@PaulSRiddell  Thank you.
@wakimotho  Thanks.
@Brown97M Thank you.
@StefThomason Great!
@puddlejumper365 You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but \"brains\" will supersede.
\"@lloyd156_:  doesnt give a fuck, he just tells it like it is lol LEGEND\"  A very honest person, thanks!
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s ; is cutting way back!
\"@BowlingMatthew: Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's. He didn't take crap from anybody.\" A great compliment!
\"@JGlennard:  incredible level of customer service @TrumpPanama . Best guest experience ever #Levels\"  Thanks.
\"@dm3300:  @TEApublican Donald Trump for President!!\"  Interesting!
@Laker_Steve   Thanks Steve!
\"@Slucas8Lucas: I wish you would run for Pres.. We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. Do it for children\"
“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
Here we go again via @timesunion.com 8Tc9qBUgbZ ... another bad deal.
@griffithspb  Thanks.
\"@StephenWancha         \n @TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada!!!\" Thanks.
@clary77 Thank you.
@KevRedford Have fun, enjoy NYC.
“Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
Many great business campaigns at @fundanything p8wc062aWF Great way to support small upstarts.
Trump Int. Hotel ; Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting ; beautiful  tower zAa6vDqkie
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
@pinguspusher Thank you.
\"@FFXFamilyFun:My boy (6) is REALLY into @PassGoMonopoly and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr (nicely!). Hope you don't mind! ;)\"  My honor
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
\"@AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness! Sue the pants off NY AG!\"
\"@skew11: I hope and know  will win in court. Very bad what the AG did to him ; Trump University!\"
That was a great football game.
@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
\"@pbaratelli:  also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event.\"  True!
\"@SueJaneRoberts:  Any thing u work on is awesome\"  Thanks.
\"@AgnesphAgnes:  Mr.Trump has the Midas Touch!\" Thank you, very nice!
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
\"@jimmymcgreevy:  @Macys ties r awesome!\"  Thanks!
\"@paulmilton28:  @Macys love the Ties!! Great selection of colours.\"  They are a big hit, thanks.
\"@RColdwellBanker:  @Macys great ties! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale, AZ!
\"@scdtan:  @Macys Very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts.\"  True and thanks!
\"@Rodzillatron1: Definitely added to my collection. great product RT “: I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys” Great!
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys
\"@fay @aberdeedshire How the Green movement kills: 31,000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year. Each turbine kills 6 pensioners.\"
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
\"@Al_Co:  Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD. Remove them. UK is going down the gutter.\" @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond
\"@noturbine:   Wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year, Industry hides evidence of kills OdBS3Sr7xJ\"
\"@WalterHorsting: Arctic Ice Extent Highest In A Decade O50xLfVPWn via @wordpressdotcom\"
\"@TundraSwans: Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont. Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron
Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the U.S. Nty91wF8B1 via @HuffPostGreen The lesson should be that it's a lousy idea!!!\"
\"@windwatchorg: No more wind turbines, county tells province:Wind farm developers should look elsewhere than Duffe... pfhr3OEB4f
\"@faykellytuncay: LORDS OF WINDFARMS: How Britain’s richest landowners are making millions from turbines ef8yWI1y4P
\"@noturbine: Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to ; ruin lives of folks living close ; not reduce CO2
\"@NoWindAlabama: Beautiful! Let's keep it that way. #turbinefree RT @Bamagirl_4_ever: Sunset on Sand Mountain. @aberdeenshire @AlexSalmond
\"@SOS2day: Guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - New York News 6kQcclnWxU\" @AlexSalmond @aberdeenshire
\"@noturbine:West Palm Beach, FL industrial wind farm scrapped Thousands of birds/bats saved from death @AlexSalmond @aberdeenshire
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond
\"@dhowejr7:  @graeme123s jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU. YOUR A GREAT MAN\"  Thank you!
\"@graeme123s:  you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives\"  Thank you, so nice!
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020
My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
@RSPBScotland  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond, the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond
\"@ThirdForceNews: Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird? @RSPBScotland\" Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
\"@RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
Can you believe that \"President\" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
\"Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement\" BNbutAKnWY
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October 4KhsbQvwiJ  Terrible, especially during holiday season.
Reigning @ApprenticeNBC Champion @TraceAdkins does great work with @wwpinc. Donate to an Injured Warrior today nrhl8hIwlq
Via @MoscowTimes: \"Donald Trump in New @eminofficial Video\" CNDV9txxQJ  Emin ; family are wonderful people.
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at @TrumpChicago’s 5 Star, 5 Diamond \"Sixteen\" restaurant sweV2n1TTw
@thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY  Thank you.
\"@jeffbuehrle                      \n @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite.\" Use them well!
@PatrickJFSmith   Thanks.
@SeanKAnderson Great!
Via @worldnetdaily: \"JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'\"  Y7MjTlsa0y
@CDaeda @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice No way, they are bird killing machines.
@FrankMDavisJR @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks.
@mckay317 @TrumpTowerNY  I will check it out, thanks.
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, ; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Look great for Thanksgiving. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers top men's styles mahENjAx8f
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...IaSq4HhpAC \n@RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice
We enjoy hosting tourists in @TrumpTowerNY. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium, a NYC landmark. IQbu9PuOt1
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
In Vegas? Enjoy Thanksgiving in @TrumpLasVegas' DJT lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day JSMjHze4JF
Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds. Golden eagles among victims...IaSq4HhpAC @alexsalmond @Aberdeenshire
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
\"@LeChrisPace            \nFollowing  was probably my best decision #bear\"  Thanks.
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest ; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.
Why didn't Obama, as part of the negotiation, free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?  NRQHoDBwA0
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
I will be on Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our \"leaders\" have plenty!
\"@otcgiant:  with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness. #Trumo2016
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
\"@mikehaas33:  mar a lago a spectacular property. Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello\"  I did!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
\"@WhiteShaunwhite                   \nI dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time , @BillGates\" Thx.
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
@Pattycake77777 Happy Birthday!
It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer, Arthur Zeckendorf  RyuH1k1gpB
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid ; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend \"democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005  Z8Sh1Yopn1
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in today’s New York Post editorial  iOPQ71I41q
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Weak newscasters are asking \"is there a racial component to knockout attacks?\" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?  uumhaRxfDa
I answered my @Facebook fans questions via video- watch- 0KgNNtgE34
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula, @TrumpPanama offers fine dining, five pools ; luxury rooms 5mBFtkDih0
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
\"Figure out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch.\" -- Midas Touch
Florida Power ; Light did a fantastic job of providing service ; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
\"Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line.\" --Think Like a Champion
\"If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.\" -- Charles Kettering
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans UxeEkMJp2g Why should they suffer like regular Americans?
When Warren Buffett ; others play w/ bankruptcy, nobody cares—when Trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal!\n  xiYoo3fxEV
@SwanRose2013  I create jobs!
@Facebook_Ben Thanks.
@chadasletten Thanks.
@nolanitenyc Sad!
@DamonCanel @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@libertybellskp So true!
Offering true luxury, @Trump_Charlotte has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools ; six professional tennis courts KwJ1jkLuPa
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book \"Undisputed Truth\" ; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
@WantonSoop  True!
@MeghanFaheyy Great!
@matt_marcolini @MissUniverse @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse \nY6TJL7znRD
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
\"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.\" -- Mario Andretti\"
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
“Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.”  - Jef I. Richards
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!
\"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.\" -- Mario Andretti
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move ; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
Priorities. While Obama wastes billions on a broken website, he is going to cut military pay hIUCoXHB1X No surprise.
Guess who is talking to @MissUniverse at @TrumpTowerNY? Not terrible hair! NBKlSCcIqr
64 stories of golden glass over the strip, @TrumpLasVegas’ elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows AwEbyrGxFl
One of @GolfWorldUS top private clubs, @TrumpNationalNY features a Jim Fazio designed 7,291 yd par 72 course XCgycLQa3H
@chucktodd @meetthepress @jack_welch Chuck--very fair, best wishes!
Just as I said last October, census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election g8yXdBu1Be
Last October on @meetthepress, @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
FLASHBACK -  October 9, 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'” XWnKrWl3sp  Proven right again!
Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo on her big move to @FoxBusiness. She is a total winner!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- mfkKEyC51N
\"@IanCKeffer: Rocking a  brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available @Macys  LOOKS GREAT!
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
\"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do.\" -- Steve Jobs
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms ; tornadoes.
W/ signature Trump amenities, 5 star rooms ; world-class restaurants, @TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii sawW8bGjBZ
President Obama played golf yesterday???
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
\"@FransiscoMlaza:  \"Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems\" ~ Donald Trump\"
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big ; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
\"@MArloAmoriello1:  Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama, and penn state! Please run in 2016 #leader
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
\"@psu_rebot: RT @millman85:  you could put #PennState in this same category! #Settlers #SoftTarget @psu_rebot\"  TRUE-WEAK!
\"@ISaidKnow: AWESOME! RT  Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!”  Thanks!
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
@not_that_actor   Very good!
\"@swetasamota:  “Be tough, be smart, be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion\"  DJT
@gary4205   Thanks Gary.
@EveningExpress   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
@ReaIOsmelSousa   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
“Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.” - Vince Lombardi
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas Touch
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
\"@TruckerSamF: Already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped Doral, World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL\"
\"@Bill_Collector_:  we need you as the next president! Your a winner!!!\"  Thank you.
\"@iverson233:  can I run your hotels while you run the country ?\"  Sounds good to me!
\"@zizzy706:  let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office. #Trump2016\"  Thanks, I think!
\"@LydiaPearman:  @PatrickWeeks and let's be honest, you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet!\"   Very true!
\"@Gyuman82:  Plz run for President in 2016, America needs a strong leader!\"  We sure don't have leadership now! Thanks.
@grouponegav   Yes, online through Macy's.
\"@pididdie20: \"In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@PatrickWeeks: “It’s #tangible, it’s #solid, it’s #beautiful. It’s #artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love #RealEstate.” ~ Donald
\"@Chaz_is_so_bomb: I hope  is our next president\" Thanks.
.@MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! zHQE8EHEMT
“He who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.” – Sun Tzu
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website AA1Q7Bo0kP And now she will get more to fix it.
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
@MikeDemkiw  True!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
\"@dany8ro: Aha RT \": You have good taste! \"@JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.\"
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
\"@kbaileyjava2:  Celebrity Apprentice please! ASAP\"
\"@AndrewSNicoll:  the same idiots who think he was born in the USA! Dopes!\"
\"@OJOsborn:  I am one of them fools. The presidents heart in right place\"  WRONG, he knowingly lied - bad intentions!
\"@MakeupArtist121: 1984 cover of  #GQ #Magazine @ivankatrump ...One of my main idols I look up to!!… HSv8GxXXDp\"
In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president \"knowingly lied\" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
\"@countrygurl4747:  Please run in 2016!!! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!!\"  True!
@BretBaier  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
ICYMI-- \"@MELANIATRUMP               \nReading newspapers and see...  #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday  @BillyGraham cdYT5btamI\"
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
\"@DCoolDog: After careful consideration, I'm going with my blue  #SignatureCollection tie for my big meeting today.\" Do well
\"@Shrubshrub: I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the @TrumpToronto is the best in the world.\" Thank you!
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists ; windfarms.
@JamesOKeefeIII’s @project_veritas has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs zTU8I6gYQ1
@pennjillette ; @AdamRifkin’s “Director’s Cut” has 4 days to go until it meets its @fundanything goal zfWCc1i83x
Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow ubiHDd5sqr
@oliviaculpo @AgalarovAras @eminofficial @IamStevenT @crocuscityhall Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
@eminofficial  Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
@Judithdbailey   Thank you!
\"@Dexter_Cn:  President Trump sounds good to me\"  I'll tell you one thing, the country would be back on top again!  Thanks.
\"@becca110611:  is literally the appitamy of amazing! Gotta love him❤️\"  Thank you Becca.
\"@JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump. I so love them.\"  You have good taste!
\"@AarranMcPherson:  Good luck in your case against the wind turbines in Aberdeen Bay, most sensible Scots agree with you!\"
\"@nicky0472:  The only ppl that still believe Obama did not lie r completely lost.  So true!
\"@DaphneHaven: I'm so fascinated by the way  is. He motivates me to never give up ; to keep pushing forward. 🌚\"  Great!
\"@soonrfan4life:  I'm a veteran and one of your biggest fans. Love what u do for our nation. #Trumpforpresident\" Thanks.
\"@WorldReachTech: @greta Gotta respect Donald, Greta. If ever anyone nailed Obama for who and what he really is and has done it's Donald.\"
@WCMartzOfficial  Thank you.
“True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
\"@_maleki_:  : Give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016.\" Thank you, very nice.
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
\"@el_juino:  well i will predict that if u run for president you will win\"
\"@joeyb134: I hope  will invite me to golf with him @TrumpDoral when it is all complete. It looks like an awesome place\"
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
\"@BrahSumatra:  Remember when you use to have real hair?\" (Spelling) - I still do dummy, it is all mine!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
I will be on Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº
I just got back from Russia-learned lots ; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
\"@TresCurrie311:  trump national in Washington, D.C. looks great. Love what you've done with it\"  Thank you!
\"@gutterferret:  tell us in a Vine! Your voice carries so much more impact! #TrumpVine\"  O.K., on Monday!
\"@cooey2ruley:  since you are in Russia go kick Snowden in the ass.\"
\"@brose2288:  The women are unbelievable but getting to hang with Steven Tyler will be the highlight!\"  Steven sings tonight
\"@TimTMahar:  when you leave Russia, please bring back some leaders!\"  Interesting!
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
\"@johfax: Visiting NYC today. Where can I buy your famous light pink tie? \"  Macy's or Trump Tower.
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured hq7O7j7RRU What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now ; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M   ce4lvhRpJq
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777
It’s that time of the year. @TrumpRink in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world. lxbXG52zKi A landmark.
My speech at @AmSpec Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received @boonepickens Entrepreneur Award IwziHG38WV
\"THEBillMcGee            \n-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!\" Thank you.
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
\"@HitTheLights_14:  Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!#Trump2016\"  Thank you, what a mess our country is in.
Brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called \"George Washington's Secret Six\" that is truly worth reading.   \nrzdnYAAze4
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. Tahju7mAHu
“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman
@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.
@rrpsllc  Thank you.
@Andy241097 Thank you.
@dnewman83 Thank you.
\"thilan_GolfSwag               \n Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!\" Thanks.
@prdnjoy67 No, #Darnell does.
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
\"@emilyluvsuxoxo:  is the best person in the entire world.\"  Thank you Emily, so nice!
\"@thesween_bean:  Can't wait for 2016. #Trump2016\"  Our country needs help (leadership), and it needs it FAST!
\"@mzulianix3:  you are the coolest man I've ever met 👍\"  Thank you!
\"@JVince81: @bforrealstevens  GovChristie  That tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?\"  MACY'S
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said \"I'm really good at killing people\" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Not only does Obama spy on German leaders, he criticizes their trade surplus jX2ZzAEwuw We should have a trade surplus!
The @EricTrumpFdn event featured a performance by #CelebApprentice @JohnRich- a great event for a great cause! Watch- FHGKERmC8f
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
Hitting at home. Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped wxrR4Zads0
Sen. @DavidVitter  ; @David_Bossie w/@seanhannity tuNjdZIGLq  demand 'Congress Live By Your Laws'  37qiBlkoWe
@OfficialMelB ; @ThomasARoberts are hosting Trump @MissUniverse 2013 Pageant peSCg8lGPx in Moscow. They will be terrific!
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website- Qk5hNM9pRX
I hope everybody reads the @AmSpec article “Shakedown Schneiderman” – the AG of New York @AGSchneiderman \nkpNNOBYmnX
The @AmSpec article, \"Shakedown Schneiderman\" about NY State lightweight @AGSchneiderman is amazing.  \nkpNNOBYmnX
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, \"look, we made a big mistake, sorry!\" No more lies or deception.
\"@evanmyers: I love how many negative tweets  gets. He must look at them, smile and go back to being a champion.  Thank you!
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
\"@Rizz_Lizz:  @andersengell Mr.President, DJT, could do this in his sleep! Light years ahead of opponents.
\"@BaitedTrap:  Donald Trump for President!!! America needs you!\"
\"@MyStateTalk:  For President 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!!\"  Thank you.
\"@PGHCEO: If  was pres. the US would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. Profit though.
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
\"@andersengell: Love reading T's tweets concerning ObamaCare. People might find him controversial, but Mr. Trump sure knows his stuff! #pro\"
\"@MsMEGZILLA:  - I wish you were President!\"  But only if you want our country to be great again!
\"@seancourt: I feel safer knowing men like  are around\"  Thank you.
\"@tglivak: @KingspeedSimms if you don't already follow , you should. #youcanthankmelater\"  So true!
@GOP House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
Hope ; Change. Millions are losing their healthcare plans, ; ObamaCare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away beCpF6ZzTv
@zak_boxer Never give up!
Beauty arrives to Moscow’s Crocus City Hall this 11.9.!  On @nbc, the world will watch @MissUniverse 2013 crowned  XQrdpzpJYq
@JShue20 Great!
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
@sundayhorse  Thanks.
@BrightonPatriot @Mulder1981 @AlexSalmond True--he is killing Scotland!
Will be on Fox ; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
\"@Luv2raise:  Please, please run for President in 2016. We need something to look forward to ; someone to look up to!\"
\"@GorgesSteven:  run for president please!\"
\"@The_News_DIVA:  You get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10K. Thank you.\"  He deserves it, thanks.
\"@julibanko: Missing my days at #trumpwinery.  is my hero.\"  Thank you.
\"@ellenmarie47:  @jannunz7 I agree. This country needs a business man's sense and Obama does not have it.\"  SO TRUE!
\"@jannunz7:  Mr Trump... Please run in 2016 and try and Save our Beautiful... Precious County..!! God Bless.
\"@Deny62Wilson:  can't wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to Aberdeenshire\"  TRUE.
\"@BobKurlander:  Awesome new clock at Trump Jupiter. Would look so good between range, putting green.  Will happen.
\"@juanmatava:  gives me a lot of strength.\"
\"@earn_it_work:  @billmaher see trump? He takes his shots but has no balls. Don't listen and do us a favor and run for POTUS
\"@MONTECRISTO_Mag: The @TrumpVancouver presentation centre has opened. “This is going to be special,” said .
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
Via @IBTimes: \"Miss Universe 2013: Contestants Stun in Gorgeous Gowns at National Gift Auction Gala\" hu07KWdBjF
“Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion
Located in Tribeca, each @TrumpSoHo hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower Manhattan tkKliU7bxu
“Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie
@wsaleen  Thanks.
@SonnyGirard  True.
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
\"@MaryHukill:  The Donald J. Trump shirt from Macys looks GOOD!!! Sharp, good fabric, great color...it ROCKS!!! Classy look.
“Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – Conrad Hilton
@CasaMadison Thanks.
@duncanrj1969 Thanks.
\"@Debstermistress                      \n when he says he doesn't know, he admits he is not leading. USA a rudderless ship.\"
So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
It’s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.”
Not only did the $1B ObamaCare website not work, it can’t even protect your personal information H6Ge0N5tZW A disaster.
\"@Andigriffin                       \n your Las Vegas Hotel is beautiful too!!\"  Thank you.
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Still looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign bdqhJWD7ko
.@TrumpPanama is Panama City’s premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica, excellence has arrived to So. America  jXPKC2ClgC
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @GarySiniseFound
The ObamaCare website is unfixable ;  rumor has it that they will stop checks ; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC...n7xX10UEEI Congrats to all!
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
\"@DannyZuker: . I miss us. 😢\"  Danny, I miss you tooooo!
\"@mikebus7:  great fitting shirt and I got a couple compliments on it too! E5R6Sow25D\"  Looks great.
\"@billmaher: With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield, Mass for standup tonight-and Bill, you totally bombed-\"BAD\"
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Via @WSJ: “The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” Y3Y2PbOuzS
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about…
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
Via @WPOffshore: “Donald Trump's Blackdog victory” dIUlqbvP5U
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
\"@haay_ramiiie:  has the best twitter\"
A great victory in Scotland ... gBbbUJYRsG \n KPPy34eAfA
I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
Congrats @NBCInvestigates on revealing that Obama knew millions of Americans would lose their healthcare plans haRfAOBB66
Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
1.5M have already lost their health care plans thanks to ObamaCare 3e8yW46znl  Defund now and Repeal later!
.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
.@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient ; ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond
On 1,300 acres in Charlottesville, @trumpwinery’s wine has been awarded the coveted Virginia Double Gold Medal ffCeyI1fuv
\"@megrunder: . Is there ANY subject you aren’t an expert on?\"  No, not many!
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
\"@Abird95: I absolutely love  he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much.\" Thanks R!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change ; a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
Iraq is being ravaged by Al Qaeda. Country in utter chaos ; all oil is going to Iran ; China z5feKpJfUr Terrible mistake!
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
Sebelius didn't test $635M (probably $1B) ObamaCare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch.” 0CgLKxjXYm
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Via @inventorspot by Myra Per-Lee: “Got A Great Idea? Get Donald Trump To Fund It”  YHelZMCXbi
Time for Sebelius to be fired. She has admitted that the Administration did not vet the ObamaCare website rQz1rRvz5H
Thanks to ObamaCare’s device tax, Boston Scientific plans to cut 1,500 jobs AUxXIKuq26 ObamaCare will kill ingenuity.
The signature restaurant of @TrumpNewYork, @jeangeorges is both  Forbes Five-Star ; AAA Five-Diamond restaurant iwQgbifk5D
\"@TrumpVancouver has makings of iconic landmark: Erickson-designed highrise  ...\" 4B8cLnmaxA via @VancouverSun
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!
@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
@bradkovach Sadly true!
\"@jantwo62:  Love Trump ties! Very couture but affordable to dress your hubby.
\"@SirBlaineRichie: @BillGates, @WarrenBuffett and  are the most inspirational people i know of.\"
\"@Doug_E_Fresh2:  with you as POTUS we'd probably have a $600,000,000 surplus! #Trump2016\"
\"@KathyRushford:  Do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ?\"  No, MUCH MORE!
\"@Semjazaraziel:  @TamiMiddleton We need Trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created\"
Will be on Fox ; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
\"@Mackiaveli13:  Us latinos will vote for you. All we want is to be part of the American Dream. Include us! Cool.
\"@tlbasnight:  you are that Leader. Think about it.\"  Thanks.
\"@TamiMiddleton LOVE YOUR TOP 3 NEGOTIATING TIPS! 1. TRUST YOUR GUT. 2. PATIENCE IS A VIRTURE. 3. VIEW CONFLICT AS AN OPPORTUNITY! AWESOME!\"
\"@fournier_ian:  Is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? Much respect\"  Buy in great location, low interest.
\"@Nodakgus:  This country is in dire need of a LEADER who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that LEADER!\"
\"@AdriannaMarie: I think you're an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! Just ordered your books! Can't wait to read them!!\" Thanks.
\"@vabeachrpm:  great gifts for my hard working husband! Love Macy's!\"
\"@Chris_DiRe:  really enjoyed my stay at Trump SoHo this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitable\"  Great.
\"@AlexLevandoski: People who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. Thanks for the inspiration Mr. Trump!\" Thanks
\"@tonescotland: @Rizz_Lizz  he has destroyed wilderness beaches in Aberdeen.  Built world's greatest golf course-TOP DRAW!
\"@terreldactyl:  I hate you but I love your ties\"  That sounds like a fair trade!
\"@shibis: @SenTedCruz Don't you know once upon a time  was leading 2012 @GOP I would love to see you elected. God Pls\"
\"@phickeyma:  We need you for POTUS because there's a whole lot of people in Washington who need to hear the words YOU'RE FIRED!\"
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
\"@dutchfreightman:  dined at Macleod House today. Wonderful in every aspect. Thanks for creating this on our doorstep.\" Nice
\"@Rizz_Lizz:  I am clairvoyant. May I be the first to congratulate you on your win, Mr. President?\"  CUTE!
\"@Rizz_Lizz:  The reason I think you will be POTUS is bcuz I have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once ; be successful @ each.\"
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
\"@BigguhMikez:  is a Genius\"  Thank you.
\"@_stacys_mom_: I just love .\"  Thank you.
\"@JamesMock4: I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you\"
\"@DianeLynn_:  We need you now more than ever! Hope to see you run in 2016!\"
\"@willfitz94:  How do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy?\" When I like people, I find time!
\"@1bombasscat: VOTE  FOR PRESIDENT! 🇺🇸 #TRUMP16\"
\"@KSV_3: I want  to tweet me so bad! Huge fan! #Trump2016\"
\"@LoomisEvan:  we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. Tht is u Mr. Trump!\"
\"@Murppph:  says whatever he wants and doesn't care. I love it. He's a legend.\"
\"@_stacys_mom_: I just love .\"  Very nice.
\"@JamesMock4:  I see principled, disciplined, decisive, tough leadership. I see strength. I see #Trump16. Please Mr Trump. USA needs you\"
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
\"@joelbernstein:  @Tyler_TuscChevy Not only does America need an adult in DC we need DJT in 2016\"  Thank you.
\"@IamToneAntone:  2016 is your year and I will do everything God gave me to show my Appreciation @IamToneAntone XOXO\"
\"@dimas720:  Kick ass in 2016! I'm on board, Mr. Trump.\"
\"@Tyler_TuscChevy:  Trump 2016 #all for it\"
@ManagersDiary   Thank you-always a good thought.
\"I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.\" ~Donald Trump\"
\"@Vallian_Ghali: If you're born poor, it's not your mistake. But If you die poor, it's really your mistake. - Donald Trump\"
\"@AKudej25:  We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016\"  True!
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
\"@jamiesawicz:  @GWRepublicans want to help campaign for Trump 2016!\"  Thank you.
\"@kylesmith300:  I agree about the wind turbines they are horrible\"
@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
\"@Godlike_Virus:  For 2016. Change that we REALLY can depend on.\"
\"@AustinWDE7:  needs to run so we can get out of this mess #trump2016\"
\"@AKudej25:  We wont see REAL change unless you become President! #PleaseRun #2016\"  Thank you and true!
\"@nadeaua75:  has my vote! He MUST run for president if we want success!\"  Thank you.
\"@Kmatthews912:  the youth of America needs you Mr. Trump\"  They sure need someone, and fast!
\"@sundayhorse:  @thegurleygirl Sad Donald trump isn't president we would not be in this mess!  So true.
\"@KaburuOle: “: Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.””Awesome advice.\"
\"@Beliefheals:  @AmSpec You're more than the best Entrepreneur; great teacher ; source of encouragement!  Thanks.
\"@Beliefheals:  Seriously, you are the only American qualified to be Prez -all areas of competence!. Thank you.
\"@thegurleygirl:  Wish you could lead this country. We need you Mr. Trump.\"
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
The Audacity of Ineptitude – ObamaCare website will cost over $1B  w71bC1ryzy  When will someone finally be held accountable?
“You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickens
Great meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
.@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
Great evening with the @AmSpec ; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to  yourself.”
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:\n\"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\"
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
\"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.\" - John Wayne
\"@kevinmacman55                      \n well deserved, you motivate me every day.\" Thanks.
@OriginalArts1 @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
“Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion
\"@ChrisStackStacy                      \n @TrumpTowerNY it is absolutely a work of art #TRUMP\"  Thank you.
\"@MikeMuckleroy                     \n @AmSpec That is a reward that is WELL DESERVED.\" Thanks.
\"@dynamicwil                 \n @AmSpec You deserve it! your a true entrepreneur!\" Thanks.
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
@RyDev22  Great!
@strommer07 Yes and thanks.
@DanAmira   Apology accepted.
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions GKof5GEdCv
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters ; arrest them!
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
\"@DonJuanRiley1: Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero :)\"  Wow, so nice!
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
The most luxurious hotel in downtown Manhattan, @TrumpSoHo is a top destination tkKliU7bxu
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
“America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald Reagan
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump: America’s Entrepreneur” lgCNnMMTsA  Wow--thank you to Jeffrey Lord ; @AmSpec!
@SGTeel  Great, thanks!
\"@Sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was Trump from Macy's on 34th w/cuff links. Thx 4 shootingstraight.  Great!
“Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarino
Message to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB ; @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!
Doing an interview with @SteveDeaceShow. Discussing the ObamaCare  web disaster. Be sure to listen 3mIrqrqG2D
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfLA brings luxury ; elite amenities to LA's top public golf course MYiwkyfiVU
Where’s the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record foGcQyOIZy
Help fund @Dratzenberger’s new show ‘American Made’ on @fundanything 4BaW1ECkzD John is on @teamcavuto today re project.
Via @ArabianBusiness: “Trump eyes PGA tour for Dubai golf course” qdXaFOo1jl
@bgholms  Thanks.
@RajvirBoparai  Thanks, good luck.
@MacFaddenRyan @SongMemories Hi Ryan.
.@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago.
@willdavenport1 Great, thanks.
“Sixteen” @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it!
Trump Int’l Hotel ; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel ; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
@ukn96 They get fired.
@Beliefheals  Thank you, good luck.
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
\"@pjpaton: Wind farms have scarred the British landscape;turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! See, I was ahead of our time
\"@CharleyDummer:  the whole UK supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice USA here.
\"@Orangeone4: @Carrie_Wofford  Website designer HUGE Obama campaign donor. Can we say kickbacks?\"
\"@JaimeSells:  4 president has my vote! We need financial education in the USA. Go get em D!\"  Thanks Jaime!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
\"@JarrodRyanZA:  Are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? If so you have my support!\"   Thank you!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
@Richardjnandlal  Very nice, best wishes!
@ArcturusRex4. Good question!
\"@JLPDOG:  We need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it's former glory and respect.\"
\"@Ay_Zimmy: , I'm already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016, make it happen!\" Thanks for the confidence!
\"@BicYea50:  @DanAmira @NYMag Whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- I mean mag, will ever see this tweet?\"
\"@em3601: Hey , please announce you are running in 2016. You are the only one who can revive our country.\"
\"@LILSKINNY11:  Hey D Trump, is time for me to buy a \"Trump 2016\" yet? Lead us back to the top!!\"
\"@TheYardSaleKing:  I had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. Even the restrooms are first class!  Thanks.
\"@Austin_Fall: In 2016, we will need a business mogul to bring America to its feet. I hope  feels a tug on his collar.\"
\"@Austin_Fall: Monetarily, in 2016, we will be in such terrible shape that having  as POTUS would be a great idea for U.S.
\"@stchristopher18:  @michaltellos @NYMag Bury them fake journalists\"
\"@PherreroRaphael:  you ready for Miss Universe?  Yes, November 9th in Moscow-will be great!
\"@StitchJonze:  today I had my wife cancel her subscription to @DanAmira @NYMag\"  Thank you-smart!
\"@adhietAK85: This is my favorite person, .. Greatest bussinesman in the world !! I want to be like him\"  Thank you.
\"@michaltellos:  @NYMag Subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake.\"  It is failing fast!
\"@STARFLIRE:  @NYMag I canceled mine\" Smart move, thanks.
@NYMag   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York \"Ragazine\"-SAVE YOUR MONEY!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
@NYMag   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - \"What do you think of Donald Trump?\" Beggars!
@NYMag  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.
@NYMag   Wow, numbers are really looking bad at  New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!
\"@Beliefheals:  Working on my \"Midas Touch\" plan re: the fund anything reward! You are my favorite entrepreneur! Thanks.
\"@milosuperpug:  @TormeyPaul @DanAmira @NYMag NO got so irrelevant. TIME OUT far better than ny magazine.\"
\"@TonyTurko:  NBC Report: White House Taking Obamacare Website Offline Again For “Repairs.\"
\"@TormeyPaul:  @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone actually still subscribe?\"  Not many!
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
\"@michaelledeitri: And this is why r kids are bullies, horrible examples set by adults. No excuses @NYMag fire him @FoxNews @CBSNews\"
\"@sjp111: @DanAmira  @MELANIATRUMP Dan Amira owes Mr Trump and his wife an apology!\"  He doesn't have the guts to apologize!
\"@BeatsByRay:  you're a legend.\"  Thanks Ray, I know!
\"@dwsweb:  @DanAmira @NYMag people actually subscribe to NyMag?\" Not many, failing and will soon be gone!
\"@youngsellz4:  is my role model!!\"  Thank you.
\"@nyccoins: @DanAmira  @NYMag Dan, you are a low life dumb ass! Stupid too, who made you an editor?\"  A dead magazine!
\"@TheMissis:  you're certainly giving @DanAmira and @NYMag publicity!! Even neg publicity is 'good' to some folk.\"  It's not
\"@afrodeziak: @DanAmira  @NYMag Unlike the rest of you libs, Mr. Trump will be just fine. He doesn't have Obamacare!\"
\"@anthonyjmyers:  America needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough #Trump2016\" Well, we sure need help
\"@phickeyma:  When I come home from work my Twitter page is filled with Donald Trump tweets...Love reading them...So Bold ; Truthful.\"
\"@timallensblues @afrodeziak @DanAmira @NYMag guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong.\"
\"@desolatefox: @DanAmira  @NYMag Sick and wrong. Apologize!\"
\"@mackette52: Doesn't surprise me @DanAmira from @NYMag is a frequent guest on @msnbc both entities no ethics + no morals = no ratings.
@ThomasARoberts   Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
\"@merssem:  @silvermarie2001 trump is one of smartest men around\" I agree - thanks!
\"@orThatGuy:  @DanAmira I can't wait to never read another copy of @NYMag. I will enjoy watching it crash and burn though.\"
\"@afrodeziak: @DanAmira  @NYMag Mr. Amira, Are you man enough to apologize ??\"  He is not man enough!
\"@rockinthetote:  @DanAmira @NYMag what a horrible thing to say!\"  Not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional ; sad!
\"@afrodeziak: @DanAmira  @NYMag No place for that in a civil society. You should resign immediately.\"  They should demand it
\"@Josethegr8t:  @val_wonders @DanAmira @NYMag if it does go up for sale ill buy them out.\"  Don't do it-bad investment!
\"@CheifSoda:  should be the next president , the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem
\"@MatthewHawilo:  @DanAmira @MELANIATRUMP I will NEVER subscribe. Just for you ; your beautiful family, Donald.\" It's boring
\"@cwide12:  @DanAmira @NYMag never had the stinking NYMag but if I did I would cancel for the Trump!\"  It's dead anyway!
\"@val_wonders:  @DanAmira @NYMag does anyone read @NYMag anymore. I'm sure it'll be sold for a dollar just like Newsweek.\"
\"@silvermarie2001:  whats wrong with canadians?  Nothing except they are too smart for U.S. leaders to deal with!
I hope everyone that read @DanAmira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @NYMag in protest. Let me know.
\"@lggarmon: I wish the  would be president, our country would be much better off than what it is. #WhatAmericaNeeds #Trump16
No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira, it will only get worse!
@DanAmira @NYMag A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our \"leaders\"? This is a scandal!
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.
@NYMag’s sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly JxJbMIJ1WX Should end pain ; just fold.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.”
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGraham’s 95th birthday. His life ; work has brought hope ; faith to millions worldwide.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageant\nwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
@nbrenewables @TrumpScotland Thank you.
@WayneEtnyre @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@southpaw816 @WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus So nice, thank you.
@itscharlotteann Thanks!
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
\"@dongibson12: @magicdel @LateShow Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA\"
\"@AmeliaLanders_:  America needs to listen to what Trump is saying. #TrumpForChange\" Thanks!
\"@Ryalsflair:  Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again.\" So true!
\"@ChrissstinaC:  I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love
\"@SocSteve:  was the man on Letterman!\"
\"@magicdel:  @LateShow You're the only one.\"
\"@mitchgotinfo:  Don, the Country needs you, I served 4 years in our Armed forces, and I am asking you to lead our Nation,\"
\"@BiancaT37180567:  why be governor when you can be president?\"
\"@mitchgotinfo:  Great men do great things, America needs you, America's allies need you, in truth the world needs you.\" Wow
\"@theholst:  I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president, the US needs you. Thank you.
\"@pegcitytimo: best  interview yet @LateShow\"  Thanks!
\"@bwiss24:  is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
\"@sportcork:  You were great on Letterman as usual.\"  Thank you!
\"@MCdex207: See,  isn't as bad as people think. Great interview with @LateShow #goodguy\"
\"@RocknrollRK:  Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you.\"
\"@russellwestofa:  I'm a Democrat, have not been your biggest fan, but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight.\"
\"@eyesinburgh: \"You've really got the world by the ass, don't you?\" says Letterman to . Classic\"
\"@krokid2012: @NickFaldo006  No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain.\"  I agree.
\"@CrystalLee1971:  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!\".
By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the \"energy\" that lies just below our feet (now)!
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Via @Golfmagic: \"Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece\"  TbVF619r1G
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w/ @fundanything's $1M RECORD reward tcKbJcdjb4
.@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
\"@piersmorgan             \nThanks  for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!\"  Piers--Congrats!
\"@_JohnHahn:  Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon\"
\"@sandersandrew:  Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future.\" Wow, nice.
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
\"@vraia:  Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
@WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus  True and thanks.
@bahia6085 So nice, thank you.
@DJCastiello Thanks.
@GlobalGolfPost Thank you.
@missharleyd49 Thank you.
.@TrumpLasVegas was just rated “Best Room Service” in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! lS8xG8LGm8
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg ; @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people ; jobs!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!
\"@StephanieWei:  my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the @wsj today YHaPTbuC3j\" Great writing-thanks!
\"@Blueyez1214:  Please Dont ,,,as I do LOVE NY like you do,,your not a Governor,,,your a President\"  Cute!
\"@Ceastwood12:  now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY\" Will blow Bethpage away!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s ; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
\"@JUrciuoli19:  I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you, casting now for next season.
\"Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.\" – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights ; is now being treated for ‘pre-existing’ medical (cont) 3Uk72QO4YX
@KarenAsh1560 @B_Cat41 Happy Birthday!
“Experience, knowledge, ; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.”  Think Like a Champion
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
@Roc_Cayard   So nice, thank you.
@BillNojay   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
\"GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run\" fcVdLyVxPr via @nypost by @fud31
@Prince_Keign Perhaps--no decision yet.
@SunSentinel: New look for Blue Monster:@TrumpDoral's signature golf course is more challenging ; fan friendlier 5gTwYE68hN
@yankeefan3000 Thanks--@Macys.com
@ComplexGenius  Thanks.
@IanCurbishley Thank you.
@AlyssaMenasci My honor.
@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!
@905K9 Thanks.
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
@AlyssaMenasci You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Ranked a top course @GolfMagazine ; 6 Star Diamond Award, Trump Int’l Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes ykloZgMUEx
\"@joedmti:  U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth, fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!
\"@SunnyPahoujaDDS:  your @TrumpLasVegas is an amazing property thru n thru.\"  Thank you-tallest ; most beautiful in LasVegas
@AnnetteNavaret  Great.
@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine.
\"@vinnypac:  gr8 spot on@foxandfriends. Insightful, honest, Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY\"
\"@01101O10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate  does that all the time.\"  I've made over ten billion $'s, you idiot!
\"@jlow6603: Best part about Monday mornings is listening to  on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!!\" Thank you!
\"@michell33841372:  @PMPrindiville Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about.\" Thanks!
\"@Miranda__Phoebe:  graduated from @Wharton (the School of Champions).\" Great school, true!
@TiffanyATrump   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
\"@PMPrindiville:  PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump, you're our only hope!\"  Thank you.
@AdityaTaday   Thank you!
\"@efarns: “@SeaFishWorks:  So true. Who signed off over 1/2 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T history” pretty amazing
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-; disaster
@IvankaTrump @TrumpChicago  Great news!
@kfonkwa @PiersMorganLive  Thank you.
@wrhitchcock Thank you and true!
\"@LuLuBillie2010                   \n   GOD bless you Mr. Trump!!\"  Thank you.
@KeithR69 @Giants True!
@CaroleCJF  Thank you.
@redneckcowboy_1 @piersmorgan Thanks.
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower vIM7i2QDAH We have greatest military, yet no respect
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5%, a 6 month high 4tCiuu97K2 ObamaCare, the greatest job killer in US history.
@NeanderthalMan1 @BarackObama Quickly.
@jacobmathews @PiersMorganLive Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him.
Personally, I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
I wouldn’t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--; others!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
“Problems, setbacks, mistakes ; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.” – Think Like a Champion
“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work ; fight to get beyond them.\"
\"@RBrownFSU:  I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement\" Wow
\"@kdawnpatterson: Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business ; know how to negotiate. #tump4prez\"
\"@K3LCI:  I'd vote Trump for president ten times over. #trueleadership\"  Thank you.
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
\"@PapiGonzalez3: Our country needs a smart, experienced, successful man. TRUMP 2016 \"
\"@DEMEGL10:  Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement\"  Wow!
\"@MaridythN:  You need to run for President. Your \"take-no-BS\" attitude is what we need in this country!\"
\"@Mary_Eg:  Sir, that was a great interview you had with Piers, keep up the good work sir\"  Thank you.
\"@wykkdlilchit:  @piersmorgan We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.
\"@swooshl31:  TRUMP for president !!!!\"  Well, our Country would become very rich, very fast....and then, lot's of good!
\"@mat_sly:  Great job, What we need in the next election!!! #2016\"
\"@BerniceTaylor10:  Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward, Love it!!\"  Thanks.
@jmackd10   Thank you.
@suereformer   Tell John he is a total winner!
@DigGower @piersmorgan @DailyMirror @guardian 4th now! David should have seen his interview with  truly amazing.\"
\"@ErikAunapuu:  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!\" Thank you.
\"@ErikAunapuu:  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!\" Thanks.
\"@nealobleser:  4 president #2016\"
\"@Roberts3269:  Blake Thomas Roberts, the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork\" Great!
\"@E_Chenault07: If  was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.
\"@kameronwhitley:  watching your CNN interview, we need someone like you to run for president!\"  Thank you.
\"@lauramatthews45: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @TrumpScotland Donald, I LOVE this place!
\"@HollyMo15146097:  Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
\"@abhishek_ktm:  You scored a 10 on @piersmorgan. Thanks for keeping it real!\"
@TrainSpartanFit   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
\"@DavidRealtorCT:  Amazing Interview Mr.Trump,love the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir.\"
\"@wykkdlilchit:  The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!\"
\"@JimBou1234:  Great job on Piers Morgan!\"  Thank you.
@piersmorgan I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to  's advice on how to do a deal.\"
@piersmorgan   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
I will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9PM. 1LRwKRARsy
I’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)
If you don’t treat yourself like royalty, no one else will. @TrumpWaikiki is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel vGGmsi0YJi
Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands.
Obama is the most profligate deficit ; debt spender in our nation’s history. Doubled debt (cont) O4hKAX2iUm
\"The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure.\" - Sen. Obama, 3/16/06
Obama’s job approval is at 37%, a record low. @GOP ; @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage ; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
“Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont) x3Pb0vmiC2
@AmberLay2013 Thank you.
@Shadowbat Thank you.
\"@cory_wise                     \n thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes!\" Thank you.
@Armani_G_ @theRealKiyosaki Great!
\"@Lennydrew              \n I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!\"  Thx
“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion
\"@ChrisAgada:  on @PiersMorganLive tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!\"  TONIGHT.
\"@lil_borto: I said this last year, but Ill say it again..  should be president. This man knows his shit!\"
Re Florida Power ; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics ; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power ; Light ; they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if you’re not staying at the 5 star @TrumpChicago then you’re in its shadow anamGuDUrE
Via @trdmiami: “@TrumpDoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms” Jh4GkBJi2z $250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami.
“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
\"@OHOUD555: \": \" Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with @Damacakoya
\"@kristensharpe30:  @NhoieGee love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)\"
\"@motleyhoney:  I say go for it, solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in Vancouver\"Thanks
\"@NhoieGee:  am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?\"  Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!
@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
\"@JoseConesa01:  It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, \"you're FIRED\"\"  Thanks for the nice words!
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
Florida Power ; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi nDVIfOLM96 What about the video tape?
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope ; Change.
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default LRVaKB6ZiG  Reckless government spending has made us weak.
Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united ; on message.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
@kimfeather177  Thanks.
@Jon_dennis82 @Redskins  True.
@myangel82 @bobbymayojr Thanks.
@jeffanie Thank you.
President Obama wants to change the name of the \"White House\" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
\"@AmandaTMiller: Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc @IvankaTrump 
\"@Mimi_La_Reina: @fogslifting  @Redskins that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs, Braves, Indians ect
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude ; a negative emotion\" Think Like a Champion
With the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
An iconic building and top tourist attraction, @TrumpTowerNY sets New York City’s luxury standard JrjBe4aRat ; great food!
\"@TheGINE3000:  We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue.\"
\"@bobbymayojr:  Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !\"
\"@GeneMcVay:  The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM. @SpeakerBoehner
\"@WRNSR:  Negotiations are non-existant, Obama needs to be sent a copy of \"The Art of the Deal\" (Maybe autographed)\"
\"@jacadere: @foxandfriends  Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
\"@bprunty67:  the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!\"
@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
\"@ryan_mcvicker: Went to  winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday, it was awesome! One of the best!\"  Thanks!
\"@robertore62: RT :\"@RoySchuhmacher:  You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!
\"@gbla: Time to clean up Washington... Vote  for President in 2016!\"
\"@steveamani:  Please help save our country and run for President!! #USA\"
\"@RoySchuhmacher:  You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America! #TRUMP2016\"  Thank you.
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson
“Trumps Are Giving @TrumpDoral A Makeover” IkubS8qk1S via @CBSMiami
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
When will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?4rO77pskNA
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? 4rO77pskNA
Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Obama has unilaterally ; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All @GOP wants is (cont) P8IwI74hF6
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses ; Congress w/their exemptions?
My @OraTV #Politicking interview w/@kingsthings on the govt. shutdown, ObamaCare, Putin, 2016 and @TrumpDoral AtxvlC3rQM
@JackMartin32  Thanks!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI So true!
Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.
“Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
\"@HoneyBadger210:  Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was \"unpatriotic?\" ooujPkXQgH RT!!!\"
\"@TonyCinMo: “: Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.”
@TheMikeAwesome Thanks.
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotland—very smart judge! Front page article. e2jkGV7DP4
“Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build.” –  Midas Touch
“Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.” - Pat Riley
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
@TheTinaBeast’s continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs W6d60Oiecc She's a perpetual job loser.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
‘Moderate’ Repubs plotting against @GOP strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House ; primaries aren't fun.
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low ; she has a budget surplus.
On the shores of the Lake Norman, @Trump_Charlotte features a world-class course designed by @SharkGregNorman 7sLx4k35Z1
My friend Larry King @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
“Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion
The most elite private club in the world, Mar-a-Lago, is Palm Beach’s legendary landmark. SHszxX9M9J
@Greek_Boy_21 Thanks, what a mess.
@BillageT1 I agree.
@TimWristen They must go to a larger screen.
@seanparts Spring of '15.
\"@Carman_D           \n I hate that our country has come to this, our president has ruined our  country.\" Not totally, yet!
@McLeanGolf Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
\"@hasantaleb: If  was The President all our problems would be fixed.\" We would be doing great!
\"@preferrex:  please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.  Get better fast
\"@Doug_E_Fresh2: Forget the country,  could run the world better than anyone anywhere.\" Thanks Doug!
\"@delveezus: . is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny #TheDonald\"  Thank you.
@andypoo19   Thank you.
\"@EricXMorrison: Honestly,  could run this country better than anyone in D.C.\"  I agree!!!!
\"@WinPropP:  To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President\" Thank you!
“Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare” KakYqO8Xbb Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals ; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big ; big things will happen
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any pain
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
\"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify.\" - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
@IsraeliPM @netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Congrats @GretchenCarlson's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings IhmmXHig9r Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business ; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
Remember when Obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” Not in these 10 states. 4vxsEvPdon Another lie.
@TheeKentBailey  Thanks.
Nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--&gt; NZh2ycczGv @fundanything
It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!
\"@kennyj7d7                     \n Run for office, you are the only one that can fix this big mess.\" Perhaps true!
\"@jj10471                      \n if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016\"  True!
@jamesreid88  Thanks.
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Obama ; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
Rated Toronto’s #1 hotel, the 65-story 5 Star @TrumpTO is located in the heart of the city’s finest attractions LU6CDh7VTD
Must read editorial via @IBDeditorials: \"ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured\" rBqh3KwfZZ
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
\"@MyLifeIsLibby:  you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!\"
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said \"we can't win\".Very bad!
\"@bigjohnryan75:  we need  and Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out! @FoxNews\"
\"@zachjohnson88:  please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 Will be working on it
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller
Since stop ; frisk was struck down, gun shootings ; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. aIUe2dSaNf
@deedeegop @GretchenCarlson @FoxNews Dee Dee-- Great seeing you @FoxNews. You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
@kingsthings @TrumpNewYork Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
@growingupbryce Happy Birthday!
Trump Int'l Hotel ; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view 82lbwXpKed A landmark!
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
\"@bahia6085:  If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come.\"  Thanks.
@BrennenChase   Thanks!
@mikemarchlik  Thank you!
\"@jesssizzle28:  for president\"  Thank you!
@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice.
@karliejanowski   Thanks Karlie!
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
\"@MSFerr1:  if we could afford it, would you support it?\"  No,
\"@AENMAD:  will you be running for president or is it all talk?\"  Time will tell!
\"@flwgolfs:  : I have heard Obama say , We can afford Obama care, America is a rich nation, we can afford it.\" No, not close
\"@bahia6085:  Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke, I can't look anymore
\"@davidd0069:  doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016\" Very nice!
\"@rosschisholm10:  Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
\"@adammatruski:  stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency\" Good point!
\"@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk: I wonder if  knows that @MileyCyrus is following him on twitter! #trump #miley\" That's great!
\"@joannalmoore372: @AceMan65  @Macys its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!
\"@maathewdavis:  if the people want to get our economy back on track, they’ll vote #TRUMP in 2016\"Thank you.
\"@sellinghomes123:  best properties all over the world!\"
\"@BordenRhodes:  can close the economic, racial and political divisions in America\" That is true!
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
\"@Follow_DTrick: @BanginBella i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office... for President! 2016\"
\"@BordenRhodes:  I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia\" Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
Spanish version of ObamaCare website  delayed s6xVqlpdJH Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
Five Star @TrumpCondosLV are the most luxurious ; elite residences in the Vegas market xQZ3LuZHd4 “If you love it, own it”
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts are sold @Macys.com
\"@RonnieDunn1164:  you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!\"
\"@normancom1:  after following your career for over 20 yrs, I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public office,please
\"@the_Larkinater:  I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!\"
@cripplecreek101  Thanks and true!
\"@Beliefheals:  Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!!\" Thanks.
\"@AnastasiaRubine:  ....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job!\" Thank you.
\"@Bugsyfire:  You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!\"  Interesting!
\"@DashJohnston:  Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
@stretch33701  Good point, yes!
\"@FelixNunez249:  congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again, it will be better!!\" So true!  Thanks.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked \"ass\" and got it done fast
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
“A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion
\"Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.\"- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
Winner of the 5 Star Diamond Award, @TrumpGolfDC’s two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River s8IVxhd3VP
‘Uniforms 4 Everyone’ campaign @fundanything has a $3,000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms 1HTrlVDhpQ
Happy belated birthday wishes to @BarbaraJWalters. Barbara is terrific!
Via @MarketWatch: “@TrumpSoHo New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse” 2Nukg8JNLS
“Partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.” – Midas Touch with @theRealKiyosaki
“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupertmurdoch
\"@MISSUNIVERSE43                     \n Great book.  'The Art of the Deal' \"  Thanks.
@ColetonEmr Happy Birthday!
“Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning.\" -Think Big
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women uKIx7zg2JO DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
The shale boom is saving our economy dnZXz1RyIU Good for jobs, national security ; trade balance. Frack Now ; Frack Fast!
Via @FurnitureToday by Cindy W. Hodnett: “Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture” HnVd3OMLOJ
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope ; Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
\"@Greek_Boy_21:  if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
\"@Miranda_Diplo:  IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT.\"
@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
\"@SissyRichQueenb: Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITE  will be on there @NeNeLeakes @Bravotv 9pm\"
\"@SissyRichQueenb: Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I no  will give @NeNeLeakes some good Advice @Bravotv\"  WATCH!
“If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi
“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz ; Lee.
Less than one week away from implementation, ObamaCare’s small business exchanges are not ready!Xfta8lOUAA A disaster!
Obama promised premiums would lower $2,500/yr for family of 4. In truth, healthcare will increase by $7,450 OYNdom1xvJ
Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
Congrats to Team USA ; Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
@fundanything's Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home FHMuFXId4B
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
@99or1youdecide Thank you.
@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
\"@Aus10_Bailey:  has the best tweets for real.\"  Thank you, a great way to communicate.
I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
@Miranda_Diplo              \n\"I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But  is our nation's answer.\" Thanks.
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices ; lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong ; defund!
“Here’s the truth, the gov't doesn’t shutdown” Ny6RxVYiP0 via @AP. All essential services continue.  Don't believe lies.
\"@WarrenBuffett insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.” sa6z4YKHb0
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house ; an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Director’s Cut NZh2ycczGv @pennjillette @bradwyman
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
Via @successmagazine by @MikeSeemuth: “Trump Power” CF3CXGnNac
\"@KingNSG:  we need a big change, I believe you have the best chance, and ability to do so.\"  Thank you.
\"@piersmorgan: Smartest man in American television &gt; Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice\"
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
\"@jzpi: AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after  #totalhack\"  Thank you!
\"@30carguy:  could you do a better job??\"  YES!
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
\"@LebaneseKobe:  as a Muslim and as an American, i know for a fact that you Mr. Trump respect all people!
\"@dreamcharm:  eventhough don't agree with you slot, still think of you as rolemodel, thx, run for office\"
\"@Agustin_Gil:      @ApprenticeNBC @ @KimRichards11 #RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!\"  Pure politics!
\"@2LukeVBeck2:  \"Americas Hope\"\"
\"@KrissyGasbarre: To : the service, food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.
\"@mandem3:  you hate muslims.\"  Wrong
\"@YadiraTriunfo:  is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
\"@2LukeVBeck2:  \"Americas Hope\"\" Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!
\"@995mu: @DELAVEGAPROPHET  De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings
\"@daveesnova:  The unparalleled genius\"  Thanks.
@teamreiss8   Thanks.
\"@DELAVEGAPROPHET:  Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you.
@MelissaIl   Really good, thanks M.
\"@VinceMcMahon:  on #Raw equals ratings\"  TRUE!
\"@rsmundo:  @nymike7 @kaatje36 I like the Donald. An American hero.\"
\"@nymike7: @kaatje36 let me ask if you dislike  then why do you read his tweets?\" Because they can't live without me-haters!
@PatsIntensity  Happy birthday!
\"@Eckbowman:  Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!\"
\"@mgmacdon:  thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water?\" Great ; yes
\"@KobayashiNick:  do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
@OriginalArts1  Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!
\"@Miranda__Diplo:  is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual.\" Thank you.
\"@nickterry18:  is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successful👍\"  Thanks.
\"@hitillidie:  no George Buch did that\". George Bush gave us Obama!
\"@Aperanio827:  us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats\"
\"@67Chester:  Care to say a few words to @IranGovt ?\"  Get rid of the NUKES, and fast!
\"@Brendaswigert:  I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
\"@bahia6085:  @Klyushina_ENG Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so.\"  Can be done!
\"@CherylPotgieter:  just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant\" Thank you!
\"@joshjame: Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 24/7 MT : I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person.
\"@SeanKAnderson:  my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business\"
\"@LilliRome: Can  replace @mcuban on #sharktank?\" Mark is doing just fine, but thanks!
\"@HoppMar:  And you also made a great call on BA, a few months ago, and you were SO RIGHT !\" And made lots of money-thanks!
\"@Mullaney3000:  what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights\" I LOVE TO WIN!
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral ; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams
“One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas Jefferson
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the finest style in menswear mahENjAx8f
Welcome to the new reality. 23,116,928 US households on food stamps F9xBK63W1y Obama's Hope ; Change.
Opening in 2016, Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava xemmzS0trA
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
@CorsoC311 @SamShahrooz Thanks Cathy.
@LexiPerez96 Hi Lexxay.
Americans by ; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business ; gov’t got waivers. Defund!
Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Via @CBS19: \"Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine\" r8gIUKu95p Congrats @EricTrump!
\"@RealJohnAnthon:  Why do you hate Africa so much?\"  I don't-tremendous potential!
\"@andreamanco95: . Mr Trump..i remember your match vs @VinceMcMahon..it was awesome...what a business man!  Thank you!
\"@johnmorrow821:  You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!\"  True!
@magmom13  Yes, she is FANTASTIC!
\"@InNovember2012:  Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster!\" A fair question!
\"@IcemanIMMG:  is the best in business ., #NoDaysOff\"  Right up there!
\"@ovobeckford2: RT:   Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice.\"
\"@ClydeJayvy:  You'd be a great professor.\"  My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.
\"@Klyushina_ENG:  when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming\" Nov. 9
\"@Maxiculture:  Your thoughts are simple, straight, precise, timely and timeless.\"  Thank you!
\"@FatherSiisi:  's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!
\"@Spencer67:  For once, I completely agree with you! Business wise, you're brilliant. I just don't support your politics! OK
\"@SeanKAnderson:  I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
\"@HoppMar:  I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed, HE may be wiser, actually.\"  I'm so surprised his brother lives in Kenya
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
\"@acarra3                  \nIs this your new building in yahoo weather app  l2NpLQScZG \"  Yes--thanks.
.@MileyCyrus – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
@geomac24   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
\"@anthonydefrenza:  Apple is hard of hearing.\"  So true!
\"@SamShahrooz:  Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President! #Trumpforpresident\" Thanks!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me \"sucks\" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
@iPhoneTeam  Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
\"@KeilaniK1:  Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight ; abnormally tiny fingers for texting\"
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
@Phil_Grech Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
@dalasner Yes.
\"@3Ddudra:  Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open?\" 18 months.
\"@JeffPetak:  when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play?\" November 15.
@LeighAnnMac   Send his info to my office.
@10AJMcCarron   Great game last week, your team really needed you!
\"@mark_yamin:  Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr
\"@SwingTrader2012:  I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world.\"  Thank you.
\"@margaritapotter:  you got it Donald, that resort will be the best!!!!\"
\"@apb51283: America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind. , you are that leader (and nobody else is even close). T
\"@casey1137:  can you prove it?\"  YES!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
@seanhannity  #Defund Obamacare!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
\"Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way.\" - Think Like a Champion
“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.” – Midas Touch
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! R85N4o4hra
There are great campaigns on @fundanything CMFrwv0P5t Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
@akendall13 Too early!
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
\"@CaptainBlob:  I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential\"  Made by Serta, they are really great.
\"@RealBboy360:  Boeing is at a record high, thanks for saying to buy a while back\" You are welcome.
\"@Dropz11:  @Chloe_Eliise Unfortunately, the good men like Trump only run for President once a century.\"  Thank you.
\"@RandyMinshew: America needs a brilliant patriot like  to guide this country!\"  Thank you!
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
\"@KaburuOle:  like Einstein was the greatest scientist, I submit, you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time.\" Thank you.
\"@Chloe_Eliise: I really hope  runs for president in 2016\"  Thanks, so do many people, our country is going to hell!
\"The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size.\" -- Einstein
“Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.” – Think Big
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale Carnegie
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
\"@Hunterboss1996:  Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol.\" Thank you!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
@ArsenioHall has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
\"@JCOTheAmerican:  I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald.\"  You will do great.
\"@saredelman:  is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him, HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY. 😂😂😂\"
\"@DHalley:  Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care.\"  Thank you.
\"@DeasWorld:  stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai.\"  Thank you.
\"@brownteeth:  since all of your predictions have been spot on!\"  True!
I am proud to announce our newest project, Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group, it will be incredible! Nt3BYffNdD
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Great column by David Bossie at @BreitbartNews: “A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare” AC2vYQckGz
Congrats to @BreitbartNews’ @mboyle1 on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'  Ot06krvMQg
Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
\"@SarahBeth1020:  ; @seanhannity on @FoxNews this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends\" Thanks Sarah.
\"@ProjectMayhem_M:  will be our next president. Mark my words.\"  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
\"@ProjectMayhem_M: I want to go to @wharton just like . He is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man.\"  WHARTON is great!
\"@99awesomeone:  How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30\"Sounds good to me, I already hold the record!
\"@Mbrown1047:  - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy, or not? Great idea
@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
\"@ashleybonder:  if you had to start all over again, which industry would you choose ?\" REAL ESTATE, Ashley.
\"@A_Roy0317: I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote for  in 2016. #youthvote #change #proud
\"@Smile4Riley:  Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEART/LUNG Transplant ♡
\"@1JeffHensley:  @DuaneMcAnally Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016\" TRUE
\"@Catherine1840:  can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!\"  Thanks!
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
\"@Tee_Rellzz: I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman \"  Very true!
\"@DuaneMcAnally:  really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout.\" .Thank you.
@FloydMayweather  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
@FloydMayweather  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
\"@pablofication:  The world needs a strong ; proud America, back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!
\"@mikeoconnell10:  I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.
\"@JeremyrLack:  what would your first act in office be?\"  To end Obamacare.
\"@jp_worldwide:  buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can\"  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it
\"@CUREHDSAORG:  Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way!\" Thank you!
\"@aMANinMANHATTAN: We are all wondering who  likes in tonight's fight! #MayweatherCanelo #sohohouse\"  Mayweather!
\"@exLWaters:  @Rizz_Lizz Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect.\"  So true, thanks!
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
@charliemurphy   Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
\"@Rizz_Lizz:  Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!\"
\"@AllenWronowski: @TrumpGolfDC did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
\"@AllenWronowski:  @EricTrump @TrumpGolfDC Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.
\"@MasterSasser:  when are we going to have a PGA tour event @TrumpGolfDC ? Best course I've ever played.\" Very soon!
\"@JasonBordui: The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is @SixteenChicago .
\"@PGAalltheway:  played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral, said the new design is amazing Can't wait!\"
\"@PeaceOut4Hire:  Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge. #PEACEOUT\"  That is so true!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
\"@caitconn: On a serious note 's tweets are genius. One of the smartest people! 🇺🇸\"  Thank you, very nice!
\"@tkdhardy:  how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatness\"  Jim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor 8z0K4ULGuy After Syria, our enemies are laughing!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
\"@dancurran4:  take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit.\"  So true!
\"@LMowle:  Pls hlp ; sign ; rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer ; very ill in hosp VYrq7xd1YT http
\"@reinaplaza:  don't call me a witch or medium,but I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!  Wow!
@MarkSimoneNY  Mark - thanks for remembering.
\"@CaroleCJF:  @Aj_baylor You are such a welcome voice of reason.\"  Thanks!
@umman91   Great going, congrats!
@JanMillerCoHost  Thanks Jan!
\"@IMSJustJustin:  TRUMP2016! \"You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips.\" Please, Sir, make the announcement! #Patriotic\"
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
\"@duneknight:  are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run.\" You are correct!
\"@Aj_baylor:  has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country\" Thank you, I agree!
\"@TheGrumpyHusky:  He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir.
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
Wow, with all this talk, @MissUniverse is going to Russia on November 9th- hQmhmZglnl
“Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.” – Midas Touch
My interview w/ @BloombergTV's Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C. Y392fPAm97
.@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
NO GAMES! HOUSE @GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T, THEN THEY OWN IT!
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Must read piece by @DanielPipes: “Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics” SYlApwILjH
Named best golf course in the world by @RobbReport, Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7,400 yd par 72 7FYb3dEQcD
At least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
Tina Brown could finally be over.  @thedailybeast is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
\"@fenwickrx:  “@NewsOn6: Study: Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years ybv0hGRfEL”\"
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna ;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
\"@chrisfalcodrago:  my desktop in the office scZ08eoeO9\"  Thanks!
\"@not_that_actor:  More obvious every day: America desperately needs Trump at the helm! a1Cf1iN5XR\" Thanks Andy!
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
\"@Drake4444444:  Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does.\" True, not honest!
\"@bburke0920:  stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!
\"@MJGrilliot:  is the funniest, yet most honest person on Twitter\" Thanks!
“: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.”
@BrentLudington  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC ; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently \"when do you sleep?\"  The answer is -- not much.
@Alan_Saranga Thanks.
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... WTJZA0R6UG
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack 8fGXzrYYbd
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
Via @AP: “Donald, Ivanka Trump say DC’s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels” QQ0uvlPVXN
@ewilli1204  Thanks!
@TammieHarrison  Great!
@joshskaggs                      \n\" stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!\" Thanks!
@AccountsRS                        \n\" Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era.\"  We got lucky!
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
\"@redellis1:  He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!\"  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
\"@kbmc24:  my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers!\" Great!
\"@best_Is_me:  is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process\"
\"@CodyBaine:  your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field\"
\"@TheTeflonDante:  who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts?\" There are a number of very good people!
\"@johndoe5210:  . I worked for another self made man, Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
\"@thorpe81:  you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!\"  I will be working hard on that!
\"@Airmanfirst:  Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him?\" He should move, better for him to make a new start
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
\"@jean_penny:  I love love Donald Trump!\"  Thanks!
\"@The_ClarkSide:  is the man! #TrumpForPresident\" Thanks!
\"@morningafterbil:  I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world.\" Wow,nice
\"@DeanoCT:  you sir have the greatest twitter of all time\" Thank you!
\"@TheGreatGedi:  In Donald We Trust.\"  Thanks!
\"@TsatsaSepia: \": “A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion\"
\"@Drake4444444: Youre welcome. We did it! : Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
\"@Brock2120:  I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
\"@TVreporter:  What will you miss most about Wiener?\"  Absolutely nothing!
\"@MiketheScrew:  Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly.\"
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
\"@bingham_tammy:  why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business\"
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Here we go!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
\"@JcoyShox25: I honestly think our next president should be  .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
\"@allen1006:  @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
\"@Nick_Oros:  full supporter of #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@dawesy_boy:  Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!\"
\"@obamafraudulent:  @d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
\"@edbaram13:  everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it\"
\"@d18mt2:  You will knock the President anyway. Wrong, I would love to see him do a great job, but it's not working that way
\"@kevin47881:  The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America\"
\"@JayLefler:  Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics.\"
\"@ASBrowntown: . you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?\"  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
\"@VDIT13:  You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
@AustinOdusanya1                  \n\" you are a great mentor. I have all your books\"  Great--good luck!
@Universifize @IvankaTrump @EricTrump It will be great ; produce many jobs.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
@CARepublican12 @Toure So true!
@HouseDealsNow @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
@Frankie_Rap               \n\"Cant wait to hear what  has to say about Obama's speech tonight!\"I'll be tweeting during speech
“MSNBC'S TOURÉ HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN” wsU63xRkHo It's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry.
@1996Goldberg Happy Birthday!
@Wasimperviz                     \n\" when will u return to @wwe? @VinceMcMahon\"  Soon!
@MissUniverse @MissUSA @MissTeenUSA @SherriHill Olivia=a total winner!
@bahia6085                \n\" Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?\" You never know!
@ellevarner           \n\"F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful  -Midas Touch (this is a great read)\" Thanks.
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence ; stature back by years. Amateurs!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech!  9pm ET
We deserve all the answers on Benghazi! rAPzhA2e4C @RepWOLFPress
Soon to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr  @ivankatrump @erictrump  #OldPostOffice fM4LDIqsqz
Press conference at The Old Post Office in D.C. jFbLD52nmv
Just landed in D.C. yjP3S0QOkV
Heading down to D.C. Ijq41FL7G0
#TrumpVine from D.C.- 4T5QoPL93F
\"@DialaD7:  you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration\"  Thanks!
\"@driftaguy:  who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?\"  I have many!
\"@mdhmdhmdh:  Why don't you retire and spend your money?\"  Too boring!
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
\"@angiecallahan4:  what time dose your days start?\" 4 or 5 A.M.!
\"@LiamMcCallum85:  should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader\"
\"@GaryRathman:  do those jobs provide health insurance?\"  Yes, big league!
\"@Jman8354:  empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls, cuse if I ain't we're gone 1st
\"@MYSTORY2:  did u get boo d at the us Open last night?\"  No, very friendly crowd-great match!
@ArsenioHall   Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
\"@andfor1: “@Toure:  Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it.” Nor Obama! So true
\"@ZacharySperling:  How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?\"  18.
\"@JoeyNoSocks: @Emmacochrane9 @ForQ2  @Toure would you lend him $10? 98% of people wouldn't. No, he's too stupid-lost $'s.
\"@the2reggie:  personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant, you are.\" I don't like dumb racists!
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
@LonghornHomer  He is not smart enough to understand!
\"@PhilKnudsen: @Toure  just curious Toure, how have you done with your business ventures, and how many people do you employ?
\"@rgorman33:  @MrMarin88 LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!\"
@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
\"@MrMarin88: Why does  always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
\"@notleadinglady:  @Toure Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it.\" Not enough people watch him to know!
@Toure  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy
@Toure If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore Roosevelt
So much for ‘global warming.’ Earth is cooling at a record pace Kig0fLOWRK
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
Downtown Manhattan’s trendiest hotel, @TrumpSoHo -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms, fine dining ; The Spa  Cnf6k64VNv
Adopt the Arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs B4NhYPf0TJ
@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
#TheView Lots of fun on @TheViewTV with @JennyMcCarthy and \n@SherriEShepherd-\nIsACcFE5i6
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the \"rebels\" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Doing Fox ; Friends at 7 A.M.
\"@dongibson12:  @RiqardPaliq Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old, rich ex president in good health. So nice!
\"@TRUE_A_Smith:  thoughts on Geno??\"  He played great, especially for his first game!
\"@JonC316:  Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow, \"even if released.\" Can he go back in that statement?!?  He should!
\"@jamesshelby:  What is your opinion on Tebow?\" Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
\"@Brock2120:  Watch Donald, I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss.\" A tough one to take!
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
\"@ptmaher1:  visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!\"  Thanks.
\"@RiqardPaliq:  you are my inspiration,you are true legend,and i wish i had same fate like you!!!\"  You are doing well.
\"@dashinglis:  @robin1260 I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em\"
\"@RangerLE901:  @robin1260 yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT.\"
\"@michael_mkw10:  when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
\"@robin1260: “ Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
\"@DianeMarshall_:  speaks nothing but the truth, unlike certain people in the current presidential administration\"True Diane
\"@skqush:  @BarackObama wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don't agree wit his #leadership style!\"  Very cute.
\"@toughnewworld: I may not always agree with  statements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties\"
\"@johndoe5210:  @NFLONFOX , Great. I don't always agree with you but I always respect you.\" Thank you.
\"@Queeniegotgame:  @NFLONFOX YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! :) :) :)\"  Thanks!
Doing a commercial for @NFLONFOX- lots of fun! 4kD7y5kYOh
\"@seanofkbio: @TrumpGolfLinks  what a coarse, what service. A jewel of Scotland 39EEH2i94A\"
\"@gretawire: PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure\"
\"@josegonzalez_69:  You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)\"  Thanks Joe.
@FidanizzBig   You need both, thanks.
\"@ashley_rad1432:  #2016 #changeisnear ????\"  Could happen!
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
\"@madrox91: I think  should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way.\" Thank you!
\"@ET614:  Trump For President 2016 !!!\" Thanks!
\"@cobra4748:  I just bought one of your shirts for a business trip,quality,style,;value from a name I trust.\"
\"@ET614:  give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??\"  He's finished!
\"@SybilaLopez:  \"The Quality is the best.\" A+.\"
\"@bishopcoggins:  Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection, Tie ; Cuffs!!!\"
@mathewaiken Great!
\"@RossMcCutchen:  Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned\"  At Trump Tower - 57th ; Fifth.
\"@hyda313:  I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!\"
\"@JimSlickatshort:  We really don't need your shirts, damn we need your brains! Get involved in politics!  Thanks!
\"@tombwiles:  You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks.\"  True - people love them - thanks!
\"@Hoxma:  My DJT Collection men's wallet from @macy's lasted me many years. Loved that wallet\"
\"@ArianaG_Lover26:  @macy damn right just bought one lookin fresh!\"  Great!
\"@vnessa09: Do you wear your brand from @Macy's? RT :  YES!
\"@joeperella3:  @macy I got a suit and 3 ties from you\"  Great Joe!
\"@CosmosTickets:  @macy your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!\"  Thanks - you have good taste!
@dexterpugh   Great looking couple-good to have him back!
\"@ctumbert: love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from @TrumpTowerNY  kolVCA54xo\"  That's great, enjoy!
My shirts, ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
\"@marklevinshow: Oh, how painful this must be for liberals and RINOs! zv1wPTcJO9\"  Great going Mark-terrific book!
\"@FadiS_83:  is the man,never heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria.\"  SMART!
\"@wussydemon: Can I get a RT from  for getting three of the best looking shirts @Macys #bigfan fDAYfpkkMe\"Great!
@Midgespeaks  I want him to do a great job but he can't.
\"@anitaozz2: @Toure  Trump will do or say anything.\"  But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your \"powder\" for another (and more important) day!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
\"@UnabashedProg:  @thegroveguru can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?  ACTUALLY YES!
\"@RLSteetle:  I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?\"  At some point, there is so much to write!
\"@kwatkiins: saw  on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanalive\"  Thanks, very nice.
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
@lucindamac  Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
\"@thegroveguru:  Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?\"
\"@ericjgiroux:  you need to make a run\"  Time will tell!
\"@Robertr369:  if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941\"  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
\"@BretBaier: Thx RT @JedediahBila Well done, @BretBaier \"Thurs Cable News Ratings: Fox's Bret Baier Beats CNN, MSNBC, HLN Combined.
\"@CUREHDSAORG: @BretBaier Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweet zmcYmnDD1y for education.
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
\"@GarryGreiner:  We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!\"
“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” -  Thomas Jefferson
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Via @MiamiHerald by Hannah Sampson: “BLT Prime coming to Trump’s Doral resort” d0cGnTLpzy
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry ; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels pavhGj9cIf
The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete, @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere resort.
“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
\"@robyncook7: It's sad that  knows more about politics than our politicians\"
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
I wonder how much our \"leaders\" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
\"@vindictivraider:  Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!\"
\"@reallLTalk:  TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"  Thanks.
\"@autumnallday:  I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours.\"  Thank you.
\"@KhalidNasser:  In this case, What would you do if you were the President?\" I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!
\"@Jahbalon: Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist kVamtIaYnM
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
\"@JesseGunPlayJay:  You're a pussy shut up and stop crying @jayleno show is funny\"  No, Jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the Deal
... while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph 0judNAN1cU
In January '12, 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... 0judNAN1cU
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland 0judNAN1cU Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood ; treasure.
Must read via @IowaGOP by @shanevanderhart: “Congress Should Vote No on Syria” GVZ8Ao3SI8
If President Obama was going to attack Syria, he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise ; not after (cont) dvzmCu76uv
That would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics, TV ; even real (cont) e92WHIBCBj
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
I have just lost my beautiful ; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman.
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN ; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
\"@gregfrech:  have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart ; liver!!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the \"rebels\" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
\"@Whoopsydoodle:  god your the best Mr. Trump!\"  I like you tooooo!
\"@Bchipper83:  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!\" Thank you!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
\"@Bchipper83:  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!\"
\"@walterdisneyusa:  you would make such a good president\" Thank you!
\"@livin_in_80s:  hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of  !\" It is the only way!
@Gene_Valin   Thank you.
\"@cbgoober:  @StephMcMahon @Tjryyyan @WWE think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW\" Speak to Vince!
@dongibson12 Very true!
\"@BABOONVIEW:  inspires me soo much\"  Great!
\"@Tjryyyan:  Did you enjoy the experience you had with @WWE\"  Yes, had a great time!
\"@Sebast_Valmont:  @MacMiller lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?\"  NO!
\"@J_Lowry_: Idc what anyone says  is the man\"  Very nice!
\"@Sebast_Valmont:  when is @MacMiller gonna pay you?\" That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.
\"@thecarlossegura:  do u like Lettermans show?\"  Yes, much smarter than Leno.
\"@FSUSteve:  Why do you think you're so polarizing?\"  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
\"@PDGreenwood: \"I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly!\" Real quote from \" Real quote is \"I wish they would stop calling\"
@twojacksdetail  Send it to me in New York, Doug!  Thanks.
\"@REAPEROFTRUTH:  u mad because @jayleno doesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!
\"@WhiskeysCowgirl:  \" just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore, running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!
\"@jp_worldwide:  you need to go on @HowardStern to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too\"  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over
\"@MariaDavidson10:  you have more followers than they (@billmaher @jayleno) do.\" So true, and am hopefully MUCH smarter!
“Appreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a Billionaire
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person ; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
“To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big
With the signature services of Trump Attaché, @TrumpWaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki vGGmsi0YJi
@TylerKrist734  Thanks.
@dhtherex Thanks.
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person.
Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends ; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
.@EmilyMiller's book \"Emily Gets Her Gun\" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment 9kSlh6G12A A must read!
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
@LadyJelenaxoxo  Thanks.
@golflessondubai Soon.
@SHAWSHANK5                  \n\" To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will\"  True!
\"@Michael_Dorris: \": \"@tannermarkboots:  never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
\"@ukn96:  If two of your competitors were at war, would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?
\"@andrewessex1:  @tannermarkboots Just finished 'art of the deal', Brilliant insight into your mind, thanks!
\"@atkins4:  you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you?\" You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info ; time to prepare.
\"@BigSexyBDAvis:  mr trump would attack Syria or no?\"  No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
\"@BattoulShamsi:  I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things, 2 the point.\"Thanks.
\"@DavidAGoodman: :How can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
\"@NattieBright:  If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!\"  Watch!
\"@jvmesb:  is the kind of president we need!\"  True!
\"@twittahmachine0:  mr trump for president\"  Thank you!
\"@mbouchon: Make an appearance ! We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub @SCProvingGround\" Thanks!
From the great author of Rich Dad, Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. QbkwrUdW6z
“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it, who will?” – Midas Touch
Elections have consequences. Obama just published “final regulations for ObamaCare’s individual mandate” zMBx554xdt Enjoy!
@perkins_holly  Great!
@BigPoppa181  Thanks.
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site @fundanything W0MDqPckX4 Raise money for anything!
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama. Gx7AvfroA6
I applaud Columbia, South Carolina for cleaning up biz center xMOcZBXHtg Will cut crime ; advance commerce.
\"@thobane63:  why the hell are you always criticising Obama\"  Because he is doing a terrible, in fact embarrassing, job!
President Obama's \"Arab Spring\" is not looking so good right now!
\"@Trill_Blowa: If the government just listened to  this country would be so much better!\"
\"@Devante4Liberty:  But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?\"  Wrong!
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Our country is looking very bad right now!
\"@desorourke84:  trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
\"@ALTO67:  Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor...\"  I predicted two years ago that he would win!
\"@TarekR:  If you ever become president of the US, what would be your first step?\"  Get rid of Obamacare!
\"@Rizz_Lizz:  I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.
\"@pantysoaker420:  @schulesix3 @JamesFrancoTV james franco is prettier than donald trump\" But I get better ratings!
\"@charliemassie: I hope  runs for president. For obvious reasons.\"
\"@kyleraccio:  Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily.\"  Thanks!
\"@_itsTracy:  run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help\" Cute!
\"@Omaha_Tiger: I realize what a mess we're in by watching @FoxNews...then I read  tweets...like a breath of fresh air\"Thanks
\"@JamieeMingg:  I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Thanks!
\"@DeadlyKittenz:  when you are president will you be able to bring back hope, jobs, and cash? #trump2016\"  We have no choice
@ArsenioHall   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
\"@LucyInTheSky61:  @53andlex Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!\"  Thanks!
\"@EwudziYamoah:  Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work,\"  Thank you!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money ; time-go get a job!
\"@EGSIV: @ArsenioHall actually  should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class\"   Thanks for your nice remark!
\"@53andlex: , please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense!\" Thank you.
\"@schulesix3: Roast of @JamesFrancoTV will be the best one since \"  OK, as long as mine remains number one!
\"@mikethoms85:  with all due respect, Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq.\"  You will seldom see me defending Bush.
\"@DanScavino:  - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria ; where USA ships would attack from.
@tkeller316  Thanks!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
\"@libertybellskp:  That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily.\"
\"@bdeal10:  you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!\"True
\"@SwagDaddyYol0: Why isn't  president instead of Obama ??\"  That is truly a good question!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
\"@Madrina26:  Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President? #GotMyVote\"  Time will tell!
\"@mguarino64:  \" How would you treat the Syria situation if president ?\" I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
\"@imanthonyholmes: I've always looked up to . Business and Politics! He's the man!\"  Thank you!
\"@rick_huebner:  My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did.\"
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the \"war thing\" right now!
@akmackey   So true!
\"@Illuminati6sep:  , you should be President . Save America\"  Thank you!
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
@BrandiHarmon   Good luck.
\"@Timi_fel:  You always have something negative to say about Obama ,dont you?\"  Yes!
@BBPACK  You have real talent!
\"@Ethan738:  just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links 👍\"  Great!
@TheGrumpyHusky  Happy birthday.
@DanShrigley Thank you.
\"@jonathanagin:  wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.
\"@iRazaAliShah:  - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does, you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit
\"@dickquinn:  Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so.\"
\"@danconiapm:  he's no Churchill.\"   He might not even be Jimmy Carter!
\"@PolitixChick: Just from reading his tweets, it seems like  could run our country much better than our President right now.
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
@AveyahDoesWatch   Thank you.
\"@jayneg53:  can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!\"  General Patton would not be happy right now!
\"@JesseNicholas13:  I'm scared for my future.\"  You should be!
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-; laugh at us!
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him \"don't do it\". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the \"PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR\"
\"@JSDub901:  may be many things, but one thing he is, is right. #tellsitlikeitis\" Thank you (sort of).
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our \"talk\" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
\"@cadams2513:  if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016\"   That's true!
\"@Joe1sPro:  the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly\"  But the so called \"rebels\" may be just as bad (or worse)!
\"@kingsfansouth:  I usually agree with you, not tonight. Stop criticizing The President.\"I will when he makes good decisions
\"@jenconservative: @RKDrake  I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!!\" We don't!
\"@jaymiller283:  @jenconservative We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war.\"
\"@kswizzle43:  what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!.\"  I would make America great again!
\"@leebandoni:  for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this.\" They were, for once, very smart!
\"@OneMikex:  he's to soft of a president\"  Incompetent would be a better word!
\"@jenconservative:  Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!\"  So true!
How bad has our \"leader\" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!
@dhfr64 Happy Birthday Deborah.
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\" -- Albert Einstein
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys.com RYq1AQ1apk
\"@Gfeorg:  A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
\"@Reuschal:  how do you know those kids will never work?\"  I know!
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
\"@hrt05hsv:  @realDBP You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons.\" Thanks.
\"@RonHromadka:  talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
@WCMartzOfficial  So true!
\"@realDBP:  A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever.\"
\"@realDBP:  A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof!\" But no time!
\"@cbs397:  You should have your own talk show.\"  Networks and many have asked, but I don't have the time. Thanks!
\"@GoCubbies22:  Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today, and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great
\"@ZachHeatherly: Could be argued that  may or may not be a horrible person, but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald.\"
@Beliefheals  Interesting and thanks!
\"@Fartlesburg:  Do you ever get sad?\"  I don't have the time!
@benfromdallas  Thanks Ben.
@AgnesphAgnes  I agree, thanks.
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
\"@hpea0899: . I disdain you with every fiber of my being.\"  Thank you!
\"@ChrisFornari:  @CNBC #trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
\"@Sonnyjr66:  I'm a prof salesman, but not motivated by money, but like to win. Is that a bad thing?\"  No, not at all!
\"@FelixNunez249:  @macy today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit\"  Great!
\"@vabeachrpm:  love Macy's !\"  I agree!
People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!
\"@jasonsweis:  agreed, we need our troops on the streets of Chicago, not in Syria\"
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
Via @HeraldWeekly by Lauren Odomirok: \"Trump, Norman play renovated golf course\" HRj7pAcvft
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest, @MileyCyrus- XcdyhWQI3d
@DanScavino @EricTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude  Thanks Dan.
@MarlenaWells True.
@jonareeves6127 Thanks.
What a shame that @msnbc’s ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50%. @TheRevAl's are (cont) OW07NaOPRw
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider EuMSV9bOJS
\"@Agustin_Gil:  are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y
@icer100                     \n\" @icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!\" Interesting!
@Jungledad  Thanks!
@MarlenaWells                   \n\" remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy.\" Thank you Marlena.
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
Via @amspec by Jeffrey Lord: \"Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?\"  What a great writer ; researcher--amazing story. JjulGfe0XT
Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
@tanjas_world  Tanja--never give up!
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
@walaa_3ssaf   No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
\"@JanusDcjavu:  the one who talks much, does nothing\" Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!
\"@voicelikeariot_:  \"@washingtonpost: Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria\" Perhaps because he is stupid?
\"@RonnieDunn1164:  @Hunterboss1996 a few billion more dollars, but I'd rather say \" President Trump\" than\" President Gates\"!
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country ; military.
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press ; glory.
\"@jamieaydt: One day I hope to be successful ; a bit controversial like  ...keeping things interesting ; classy\" Go for it!
\"@LeavesOfGrass_:  Actually, I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir, nothing more.\"  Thank you!
\"@bx_bobby:  what was racist about that story?\"  The story wasn't racist, just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb ; racist
\"@joeybonedry:  Jeff has been battling cancer for years. Huge fan and Trump supporter, as am I. oWyoO6OmS3\"
\"@Hunterboss1996:  I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #Trump2016\" That's OK with me!
\"@Hunterboss1996:  Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. #Trump2016\"
\"@mikeyv24: What an awful piece on #realsports about  HBO should be ashamed. #trump2016\"  Very dishonest piece by racist Gum
\"@dlhanno64: @JaneyGodley  Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.
\"@ZacKing30:  is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero\" Thanks.
@sonnset2  So true, not even close.
@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
@TheLanes08 Thanks.
@grindingdude @monkeydogman I will!
@tjstoudt                     \n\"I really want  to speak at Liberty University convocation again.\" Great school.
@latoyajackson  Thanks La Toya!
@ritter1025 Happy Birthday Bernice.
@alphakonstant @RICHNYJETS True.
@kyleraccio            \n\" Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome\"  Thanks.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
\"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
.@tracegallagher and @FredTecce discussing my case on @FoxNews or6yruZDyL
“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 Rl7UMWHQKN
Remember, all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!
Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Josh8J4                   \n\" I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA\" Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Watch @ FoxNews’ @ShannonBream, @LisWiehl ; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit 63vz8QjBSM
Via @ WSOC_TV: “Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures” ke9xm4P1RP
@kingmortimer Interesting.
@Ginny14974                 \n\"  the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us.\"  100% correct
@bingato                     \n\" At least Doral will be great again!!!\"  That's true!
@SteveRickettsSP  Great!
@TerryTm112444 Thanks Terry.
@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
\"@RICHNYJETS:  dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.\"
\"@not_that_actor:  Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other, Assad regime+ Al Q, stay out of it!
@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
\"@frankmorano: I think 's book, \"The America We Deserve\" deserves a read. Written in 2000, very prescient!
\"@SeanMichaelMc:  in Chicago for the first time, your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside.\"
\"@curryslap: Hey  .. your getting bashed by @TheRevAl about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
Via @HamptonsMag: \"@IvankaTrump Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum\" hto84oPg8Q
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband Xg95n9tFkE .  You can help! I did @fundanything #donate
.@FoxNews legal analyst ; former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.She’s very sharp!
See @IvankaTrump on the cover of @HudsonMOD? View the digital edition: ZDxsOxiTim
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak\" and more.  Meets with Obama ; then files one day later.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
@Givens1964  Very cool, thanks.
@AaronPha_q  Thanks.
@d_murphy13                   \n\" purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!\"
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about “ongoing investigations.\" 9U6Jnxn45F
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
@ElmarosuElvin  Thank you.
My @foxandfriends int. destroying Schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs. n0FX6rEXyr
Via @todayshow: \"Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'\"  dlTp60JtiI
Via @AmSpec by Jeffrey Lord: “New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted” Dp7tVy0BEL
@TuleTwilight  Interesting!
@MichaelPMulhall @CNBC I don't think he can!
Via @InverurieHerald: \"Trump’s new course plans on display\" IroevQoXZT
Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman ; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
Fox and Friends
\"@Sammycarguru:  Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!\"  Thanks.
\"@JPM17:  @TomNocera I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good\".
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
\"@HughPhartud: Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that  will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
\"@bahia6085:  @Chowes247 Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt ---political.\"
\"@robertlbuchsr:  ,Mr.Trump I just wanted u 2 know I agree w/ u.Respect you 2.\"Thanks.
\"@SusanSkeldon:  I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person.\" Thanks
\"@Chowes247:  Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich ; he's bad!
\"@anthonyjmyers:  as for #TrumpUniversity I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!
What did our very stupid ; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama ; Governor Cuomo?
After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. \"this case is going away,we have no case
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
@nikkio   Thank you.
\"@abimlebt: Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing . Bad choice, Trump will eat him alive
\"@dszippit: \"Trump University\" Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they lose,and get counter sued.\"
\"@StevanScheer:  attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group
\"@JoeSantos5150:  Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !\"
\"@MattEChase:  extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website qTflzWGXud
@Obs3shyn  Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
\"@dadsnicklefritz:  I will make this known, if you had run for President, you had my vote, If you run,you still have my vote
\"@theBARBAshop: maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a  shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding, stuff's beautiful\" Great
@NickFaldo006   Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!
@BBPACK  Happy birthday!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts are sold @Macys.com
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of @Oprah's show- @Oprah is terrific! d9oUC5jN3a
\"@MistRusso:  those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!\"
\"@circa75sydney: Amazing service from @TrumpLasVegas - great job  You're hired! All future @circa75sydney business trips.\"
\"@mchikkis: Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks  👌
@jmull71   Great Jason!
@Marilynn555 Thanks!
@RobertBurnand         \n\" @TrumpTowerNY \nWhat a great building Mr T!\"  Thanks!
Anyway, I’m all about jobs ; the economy ; making America great again. We’re falling fast!
John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
“To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think Big
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
@TonyCatering @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
If Stop ; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime ; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
@WalterOzaraga @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
@korydc @TrumpTowerNY Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.
@HarryCraig96 @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
Time flies it’s @TrumpTowerNY’s 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history- PKizHCDTkN
@tanwexy I like you too.
@BrentLudington Thanks!
One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
Via @BreitbartNews by @LarryOConnor: \"TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T'\" YzAe0mwiZp  It was total bullshit!
Via @EveningExpress: \"Images of Donald Trump’s 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images\"  Gy3dSrIKKT
Re Miss Universe Pageant, we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
@Greek1958 Thank you John.
\"@lovefamously:  please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast.
@gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
\"@Mzk51Matt:  What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb, really jealous racist!
\"@IoIcasey:  You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump. Thanks!\"  Very nice, thank you!
\"@DrJulianXavier:  huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping Donald!\"  I will!
\"@thecoolestemma:  will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?\"  YES!
\"@southtguy:  A better answer would have been \"Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off.\"  That too
\"@ari_ana97: If  runs for president in 2016, I'll be old enough to vote to put him in office. Wooh! #Trump2016\"
\"@BalloradoBoy:  do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark or @hbo? Bryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock), so HBO.
\"@AdamMKE:  my 1st book report in 5th grade was on \"The Art of the Deal\" ~1988.  Great, Adam, and you hit big!
\"@RichKowalski31:  what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?\"ENERGY!
\"@TarekR:  What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?\"All good folks that have a gun should control it!
\"@AlrightJarret: Mr  do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur?\" Yes, come up with a great idea and work your ass off!
\"@aak1993:  what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America\"  I don't!
\"@ZeeNazi:  there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer\"  Wrong and correct!
\"@bradisin: Is @DannyZuker still feuding with ?  Who's Danny Zuker?
\"@not_that_actor:  Donald, if U don't RUN in '16, we will be stuck with Hillary. Would you do that to us? Make it Trump '16.
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
\"Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Don’t hire @stuartpstevens\" uuevm2mNb6 via @politico by @Hadas_Gold
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner ; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
@TxSi  Happy Birthday!
It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
.@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop ; frisk would be a disaster. 5XZiGO62pC
\"No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop ; Frisk) Is Stopped” - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly
@jwhitlinger_GMP             \n\" @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?\" He is a very stupid ; arrogant dope!
@TheTeflonDante         \n\" @gretawire I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump\" They were great--thanks!
@anniehic @NYMag And so have many others.
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive ; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities XjXFGURZDA
Via @pressjournal by Ann-Marie Parry: \"Plans revealed for course named after Trump’s mother\" ftl4Mk6KpN
Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) bAZfi4kTXg
\"@pegson:  Christopher Lane 926diz3qSQ\"
\"@HERCULES:  we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
\"@rwgooch:  Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?\"  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
\"@bendreyfuss:  Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!\"
\"@reklaw78:  I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college.\" No, I went to a much better school!
\"@JoeBloww79:  is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.\"
\"@jfolds:  Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!\"  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
\"@MattJerichoY2J:  Congrats on becoming a @WWE #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful\"
\"@pellscuse11:  Who plays more golf, yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS.\"  You win!
\"@MikeAmbo5:  I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy\"
\"@JohnSim96499126:  Damn, Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING...\"  So true!
\"@LisaRiv76873320:  Who is Bryant Gumbel?\" A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
\"@Anti_Fox_News: @Toure Doesn't  have better things to do, Like investigating Ted Cruise?\" You can't even spell his name!
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
\"@us_patriot_3888: - Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
\"@DanScavino: Great job on @GretaWire Mr. Trump! #Trump2016 \"
\"@Jfedkiw:  I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan, Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
\"@Sabretooth94:  Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk!\" And a no talent racist!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
@realLucasDuffy True--thanks!
@DWatts3  Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
“I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.” -  Clint Eastwood
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China ; Mitt's failed campaign team.
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
It’s Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists ; violent criminals. Stop ; Frisk keeps streets ; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY, welfare pays better than jobs RL0fd2SJJm Zero incentive.
.@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for Mitt—is a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!
With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning.
.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, You’re Fired!
Our great project in South America, Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay, will have spectacular views and the... ELJCPeK8hi
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
\"@The_Anti_Fox:  @NY_POLICE if Donald were stopped ; frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!\"  No way!
\"@The_Anti_Fox:  @NY_POLICE then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week, making you late\"  O.K. with me!
@ukcarioca   Thank you.
\"@Subhana_Anwar: whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go to  twitter page.
@J_TJOHNSON   Thanks
@MaestroBeadles   Interesting!
@cloverc8 Thanks!
@Chuckdhere So true!
@Mr_Smoooth Great place- thanks!
@merryman34 Thanks!
@samtrisi Thanks!
“Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John Wayne
Obama’s own gun study proves gun control is ineffective 7gwqgsnTOi @BIZPACReview
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop ; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks W0MDqPckX4
#TrumpAdvice f0Sjhe80OL
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt- o15RIt7TgN
\"@Clarko76:  Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
@Pollysdaughter   Very cute!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
\"@AmbeyLambey: I love when  tells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident\"
\"@Iamgrizzly1974:  Our infrastructure is crumbling!\"And we owe 17 trillion dollars!
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
@Howard2Lloyd Yes, at Macy's.
\"@RayHeard:  @bat211 @capetown58 Meanwhile, he's on the golf course as Egypt, Syria, Iraq burn.What else is new?\"
\"@IrishCigarGuy:  you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need.\" Thank you!
\"@BrandonMcKinney:  Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's
\"@bat211:  @capetown58 Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
\"@Josh_Dobbs:  You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!! #USA\"  Thanks.
\"@capetown58:  Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?\"  They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!
\"@firdousalidr:  off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow.\"  Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!
\"@Herbalist_mob:  determination made you who you are?\"  A very important element toward anyone's success!
\"@Gfeorg:  After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again.\"
\"@dmxxx_: haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump ☺\"  Tell your sister I think she's great!
\"@Sofia_Mozek:  My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president.\"
\"@GlennInvestor:  - It's not a great country now?\" No, we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!
\"@BenKilzer: But really tho if  was president omg I want that so bad\"
\"@meenah83:  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..\"  ---And what a great country it would be!
We must leave \"stop and frisk\" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
\"@RichardFlorenc1:  can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game\" Good luck, WIN!
\"@NathanAmato:  @MichaelPampena DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016\"
\"@WantDDUBLovin:  I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.
\"@meenah83:  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State..\"   And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
\"@Cookvol:  Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!\"
\"@MichaelPampena:  what's the J. stand for?\"  John.
\"@thineline4:  For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind.\" Great!
\"@JaseDuckman: All is well between me and . We wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo. #NoWorries\" Great Jase!
\"@Newsoffamous_: According to  ; the people at \"Ms Universe Pageant\" they never asked @BravoAndy to host this years pageant\"
\"@Jnewt13: Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song, no contest.\"
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts are sold @Macys.com
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
@RobertUndefined  Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' and  \"Midas Touch\"
My motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
\"@Sjblueyes:  you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
\"@MurrayDavidCole:  We need someone with a clue, someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. We need Mr. Trump!
\"@phattim26:  we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote\" Thank you
\"@vin609:  Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss.\"
\"@sunlorrie: Real Wind Turbines Twitter / DanScavino:  here is a ... SDUuhK8gAr\"
\"@LBH39: It's called  for President! \"@FortuneMagazine: There's only one way out of this tepid economy.
\"@catcrazy71:  your mother was such a pretty lady!\" True, considered a great beauty-thanks.
\"@mmanoff:  What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA?\" Just sit tight-thanks!
\"@zionslion777:  It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President!\" Thank you for your confidence!
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
\"@stantheman74:  mr. Trump, sir; you are a living legend and a living role model, please keep the amazing work up.\"So nice!
Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54
My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers…that’s why they want me on!
.@AlexSalmond  See photo \nRVBwv4LApU
Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See, I can be very military. High rank!… hEdNppNeMq
“Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes, ‘You Are The Message,’@FoxNews
My @Newsmax_Media int. with @SteveMTalk on my Iowa @theFAMiLYLEADER speech, @jonkarl, 2016 ; Benghazi xKshkcBNnV
@carlotalorenabr Thanks.
.@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
@KeithJMcConnell @MacMiller  Thanks.
@dannydamico67                \n\" may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unreal\"  Thx (I think)
@WeekendInParis @TrumpNewYork  Great!
@ShawnaTova @lovemyklr So nice, thanks!
@amieburton2010 @Tommyguns11 Thanks Amie.
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic\" is a truly great ; important book.
@Show5783  Who knows?
@kelseyalxandraa  Thanks Kelsey.
@Drew4Diamond  Thanks.
@DanScavino @MacMiller  Thanks Dan.
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
#TrumpVine Where is the money @MacMiller? DnA1YpDEZ2
@RyneCPL              \n\" Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.  Awesome book w/ great insight!\" Thanks, good luck.
@amp_abirpatel  Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump ; @theRealKiyosaki
\"@SharonDepp:  Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic ; Beautiful ; Very Smart :DDD Kisses\"  True!
\"@IND_Colts_Fan:  if President, what would be your 1st order of business?\"Terminate Obamacare!
\"@Caleb_Watson:  never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt #GoodBusinessMove   WRONG!
\"@candla:  We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone\"  Ours answers only to Michelle!
\"@lovemyklr: @ShawnaTova  she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan.
@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks.
\"@TheBigOffice: When Donald Trump talks, people listen. \" So true!
@CarlCICahn   Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
@GregMazares  My honor, thanks!
  Thanks!
@Timc1021 Thanks!
@garrendj   Thanks!
@justingodfrey   Great!
\"@Tommyguns11:  stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot, you've go my vote! #MakeItHappen #FixAmerica\"
\"@therealHamzeh: Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me  everything #CountOnTrump\" Great, have fun!
@PeteRose_14   Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
@AlfiraAzzahra   Great picture, say hello!
\"@not_that_actor:  Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1
\"@txbpd:  just caught your interview on @gretawire on my DVR. Always love hearing you speak!\" Thanks!
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.
In Miami tracking @TrumpDoral’s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. @PGATOUR just signed for 10 yr ext. Qo6Tq9dEJP
Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough ; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
@Randirobics Great, good luck!
“When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it \"tuff\"!
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
\"@GetKraven:  sir, you would have my vote 100% guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country.\"
\"@nicla_b:  Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
\"@carlotalorenabr: The fact that  is considering a presidential run makes me so excited\"
\"@GarryKennedy:  Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!\"  Thank you.
\"@Chad_Williams91:  if you're president , I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired\"  Thanks!
\"@Americanwoman00:  Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
\"@MysticWolf12001:  C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton\"
\"@HunterBalthazor:  if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!\"
\"@kyleraccio:  @Vinny_Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump\"
\"@Vinny_Titone: If  runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
\"@AleRdzCuevas:  you should be the President of MY country, Mexico.\"  I better learn Spanish very fast!
“If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.” - David Ogilvy
More on Benghazi cover up: “ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI” Sb3cWw4dAU  Really bad.
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
I will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Re @TWC TimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
.@SenMikeLee refuted every point Karl 1.6% Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen b7v6WVy5Kh @TheRightScoop
The Patch, a total loser for @AOL, will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!
Congrats to @mboyle1 of @BreitbartNews  for exposing Jason Linkins of @HuffingtonPost as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
@RoyalStr8tFlush  Wow, good competition!
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
.@TrumpChicago is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel, 4 star restaurant ; spa anamGuDUrE
@JTFoxx @HuffingtonPost  I agree--@HuffingtonPost is going down with @AOL and Patch ; @ariannahuff hates Tim Armstrong.
@jwhurter                \n\" Are your ties available in South Africa?\"  You can order them online @Macys.com
@BlazeBluntsky Thanks.
@FlyinOSUBuckeye @comfynumb2012 @ForQ2 So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc.
@Andrew_Patrick @DCGovWeb @DCGovTwit  Deal done--too late dopey!
@coffeepleaseAM         \n\" I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you.\"  Thanks Amy.
@AKA_Wilhelm                 \n\" hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)\"  Thanks!
@rogergreig  Thanks.
Good.morning, I'm going to work!
\"@TheRealBlakeHo: Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO\"
\"@zander_humes: Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president.\"  So do I!
\"@sayylalalaselah: #confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face\"  BUT REMEMBER, DUMMY, HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!
\"@FemiAdebanji: I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big. – Donald Trump\"
\"@AnneLewisChicag: Fool Donald Trump once, shame on you. Fool Donald Trump twice… well, you can’t fool him a second time!
\"@samvuko: Mac Miller has one good song ; its \"Donald Trump\" ; its really just the beat that's cool.\"  AND THE NAME!
\"@D_Raww16: Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinion\"  EXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG, LITTLE MAC MILLER'S MUSIC SUCKS!
\"@pencey_mouth: remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myself\"  NO, YOU'RE A LOSER!
\"@MrNiceeWatch: Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!\"  #1 BED-SERTA!
\"@CatsPolitics: Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT @Slate:  ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
\"@riggs_deb:  My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first. #Trump2016\"  Adorable!
\"@markhansen295:  save us Mr Trump 2016\"  Do not fear!
\"@PHLBaseballNsdr: . @ForeverMcIn I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP.\"
\"@rmt834:  America needs a businessman to run the country,not a politician with zero business acumen.\"
\"@ZDavi14:  is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!\"  You sound great!
\"@LordKaa213:  I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special\"
\"@Nautilus916:  @k_monchk What could Donald possibly say that Romney, McCain, Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann haven't\"  PLENTY
\"@ForeverMcIn:  Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump\"  We will see, thanks!
Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
\"@Omaha_Tiger:  - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?\"  Ignore them.
\"@k_monchk: #Obama!! Is gonna knock  to the ground on a debate.\"  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
\"@DrVinayChopra:  I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!\"  TRUE!
\"@me2palas1yap:  @Naplessun4664 i got dollars on Trump.
\"@scubapoet: Hell, reality gets under his skin. :D RT @Toure: I think  blocked me.\"   True, because you're a boring racist!
\"@Naplessun4664:  ...maybe you will be debating Hillary!\"  Maybe!
\"@TruckerSamF:  @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Arianna has 1.3 million followers\"  Trump is new and has 2.3 million
\"@maximusreign:  @NickTryIt @ariannahuff @HuffingtonPost Michael Moore likes her #Trump2016\"
\"@CBauer71: I would pay to see  debate #Obama!!\"  OK with me!
\"@NickTryIt:  @ariannahuff Is @HuffingtonPost even regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??\"  NO!
\"@39caroline:  @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage\"   It is failing badly!
\"@LadyGaydar:  you are an important person that's why @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff can't stop talking about you.\"
\"@lefthandedrant:  @HuffingtonPost @ariannahuff they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!
@ariannahuff, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
@MoFarber          \n\" I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!\" Great!
@sonnset2  He knows the best place!
@PartylikeRlove1 A long time ago, thanks.
@Timm_Martin I understand, thanks.
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for \"Best Pet-Friendly Hotel\"   g30BfQgFE9
\"Make your life as groundbreaking as possible, while also minding the tides and riptides around you.\" - Think Like a Champion
@stingluver                    \n\" my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!\" Thank you Logan and Erin.
@jodiyilek             \n\" you have my vote! ★★★★★\"  Thanks.
@mjayshilling  Thanks.
@Sam_Rellim So true--thanks.
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
“Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@MatthewSmales1   Thank you!
\"@texas4:  great speech in Iowa\" Thank you, it was fun!
\"@duqVille: hey  i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc.\"  Thanks!
\"@RonnaKirkland:  Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them.\"   @ericbolling is this so?
\"@LinFlies:  @KevinMartinRI We need you in the White House Trump!\"  Thank you!
\"@SullivanShane9:  Visited Trump Towers today in New York. It's a beautiful building rGda9ueOnS\"
\"@liztemkin: . called here in LA; prepaid 2 mos w/out a discount yet for SHO ; TMC; got my bill reduced by $59/mo +credit.
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
\"@cobra4748:  You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
@jonkarl - very fair interview!
\"@DTomback:  : Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media.\"
\"@Omaha_Tiger:  just saw you on @ThisWeekABC - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US.\"
\"@DanScavino:  @theFAMiLYLEADER just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!  Thanks Dan!
@tayloroftexas   So nice, good morning!
@theFAMiLYLEADER  Thank you, I had an amazing time!
\"@TheNickSutton: . great job during your interview on @ThisWeekABC! This country needs you.\"  Thank you!
@michaelfrench52  Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!
@charleslfreemn  My finances have been totally filed dummy!
@theFAMiLYLEADER   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!
@ThisWeekABC  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
@ThisWeekABC   I enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-I only hope it is fairly edited!
@not_that_actor   Very interesting!!!
@TPLRRT1   Thanks Thomas!
\"@DEN_RG: Where's  this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!\"  I agree 100% - and thanks!
@alikilmartin. Stay tuned!
\"@izakstrauss:  I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY, still receiving compliments!! Love it!!\"  Thanks!
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” -     \nGeneral George S. Patton
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record.
The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available at @Macys, is the pinnacle of style and prestige mahENjAx8f
Thank you @GolfMagazine for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world. pt4JrevifH
Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
.@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it.
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
If FM @AlexSalmond needs to litter Scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence, he will lose! TqKkClY4VL
FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone ; they may not be reliable.
In the latest poll, Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit kWP1FV0eY9
.@AScottPGA  Really solid playing--keep going!
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!
Via @TheBrodyFile: \"Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent\" v0NBWq9vAt
Blackdog, Scotland, started a petition against @VattenfallGroup.  ee5g0qZyID
@aa_newey  Thanks.
@Austin_Bighurt @IvankaTrump  When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels.
@BillKicklighter              \n\"Made sure to visit @TrumpTowerNY during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done !\"  Thanks.
@augustskaro @MONIKAKOVACS @JasonDolan Only some!
@masov40                   \n\"@ryanjorde  money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems\" Wrong!
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd, when looking at my financial filings, should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.”
Doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC.
@MattyD859                \n\". @BillRancic Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!\"  Bill is a terrific guy!
@SmuMom54 He should meet him ; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
@NY2DC_N_BACK @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Wrong, Piers is smart ; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!
\"@brodie7878:  @arcuate We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years.\"
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
\"@arcuate: dude that's freaking cool as heck RT  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs
\"@big1john:  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
\"@InNovember2012:  I would prefer a Trump/Giuliani ticket, but a Trump/Anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious.
@showtimeshelby   Thanks
@mjobrey27   66
@TLoUTEngineer  Thanks.
\"@Jackclemens1:  I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks.
@jake_grimes   Thanks.
@ClemensIsland13   Have a great time-happy birthday!
@ChrisStackStacy   Thanks.
\"@JTFoxx: @alex_leventis  in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example!\" I am the BEST,thx
@scottlara1961 Have a Happy Birthday.
\"@kyleraccio: @KyleMcCall4 Thank you.  warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron\"
\"@kyleraccio: Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct, but it's the truth.
@KyleMcCall4   So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
Just a few days until I keynote at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa kWP1FV0eY9 Very exciting
“It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion
@MaxKnowsAll         \n\" England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?\" Check out @Macys.com
@TheBarkerBaker Great, go get 'em!
@blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice ; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
@LKR_Fan24               \n\"Hey  visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel.\" Thanks!
@DavidPerez728 @TrumpLasVegas  Great!
\"@GusMan2013:  @TraceAdkins dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!\"  I am proud of Trace!
\"@McLeanGolf: Drove around the new \"Blue Monster\" again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
\"@WinPropP: @UrplePingo My favorite person on twitter is \"  Thanks!
@sjohnstonefilm   Thank you!
\"Patience is the greatest of all virtues.\" -- Cato
\"Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you.\" --Think Big
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone
@flowergirl56 Thanks.
@pikedagger1868 Keep your chin up, keep going.
@GeorgePTransue @BW @trumpwinery @EricTrump  Thank you.
@bradleymenglin Good luck!
@marc_soler1  My honor!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
.@VanityFair’s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter bHqyCzGCWW Disaster!
@GodfreyGR  Thanks Ian.
@GovMikeHuckabee Great being on your show--see you soon!
@tvmario  Thanks!
@DJKelly78  Thank you.
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors yUn5d14t0Q  NYC's trendiest luxury  hotel
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
\"Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C.\" zJqnD3zRuk
Excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday kWP1FV0eY9
@Rudmania20  Happy Birthday Shane.
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... dRA34WseyG
\"@ilerios97:  SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!\"  Thanks,best in Chicago!
\"@Lisa_goforth: . Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.\"
\"@alexsiminoff:  is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.\"  Thanks!
\"@MikeT_CT: Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT \": A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
@RachelYohee HI!
@KelBug99   HI!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
\"@JAGOfficial:  @ApprenticeNBC has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
\"@GoHarderFitness:  Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!\"  Enjoy!
@Mikeveltman Good luck again!
@Deneetro  Happy birthday!
\"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.\" --Benjamin Franklin
@kingmortimer Best to look up titles at Ch2npjbCPZ under publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up.
@DianeJackson9 If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
@Randirobics  Yes, it will be amazing.
@BrianRyback Thank you Brian and good luck.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
“I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch
@DanielHR27 Thanks!
@cloverc8 Great!
\"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.\"\nAlbert Einstein
\"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.\"\nThomas A. Edison
@J4K9FLATLEY Thanks Jake.
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
@__Bolt   That could happen, he is terrific!
\"@maggie101956:  Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!\"
@green_i4u  Thank you!
\"@ThePhantomNJ: @pgahistorybug How sick is  's @TrumpGolfDC ? Maybe a future @PGAChampionship or @usopengolf in 5 yrs\"
\"@Desiree_Barela: \"You're making deals with non-deal-makers.\"  on the U.S. government.\"  And that is a real problem!
@RobRosales1   Thank you Rob!
\"@nikkio:  Great interview!\"  Thanks!
@MdsdadDotson Thanks Michelle!
@gretawire Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
\"@MikeLaJnyc:  spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!\"
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
\"Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.\"\n--Mark Twain
@DavyMac_1972  Thanks!
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times ; great memories.
@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
@DianeJackson9 @anniehepburn Thanks.
OmikronDreamer           \n\" do you wear your own ties?\"  Yes.
@AustinSaysThat  Great!
@FredrikEklundNY               \n\"Thank you  for the assignment!!!!! ❤\"  Great job, Fredrik!
\"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.\" - Goethe
\"Donald Trump’s uW8lZeSVrD Breaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record\" 4ez23shwY9
Via @BW: \"Thomas Jefferson, Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia\"  Ayus1Q7gRu @trumpwinery @EricTrump
@tamilasami  The key word is \"yet.\" Keep at it, never give up.
@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. \"Action  is the foundational key to all success.\"\nPablo  Picasso
\"@tomuchpolitics:  I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?\"  With a little good guidance, great!
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.
@Icallbullsh_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks.
\"@liamvanvorhis:  @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
\"@Kelley_1968:  we hit 3,000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE RT!nINMzy1cGc @TheEllenShow
@GallenofMilk13 Great going.
\"@EdmondShami:  just started reading your book #ThingBig, it's freaking amazing!\"
\"@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel  to win the job! Go get it!
@noall   Thank you!
\"@lauren_boals: Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
\"@YouWantTheDJoe: Not gonna lie  is my idol\"  Great!
\"@thenanney67:  just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!\"
\"@Gfeorg:  I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season.\"
“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
@amyg2200 Happy Birthday!
Let me sum this up for you... lSVbY2LS8B
@MikeLoyaCenter  That's great!
Less than ten days until I keynote @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.\nkWP1FV0eY9
@trumpwinery's sparkling, white ; red wine collections have won numerous  major awards ; acclaim including YFOgPss8S3
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling ; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
Do as I say, not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress iy34KnpowZ All are hypocrites!
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack gLIQUPbLnV Still a \"phony scandal\"?
\"If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and their esteem.\"  Abraham Lincoln
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties ; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@Nautilus916 @1986Fed  Wrong!
@jpickering1                     \n\" How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?\" Very soon!
\"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.\"\n- Henry David Thoreau
@not_that_actor    I know!
\"@pattygras:  staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump\"
@lcamp34  Thanks.
@eboy12318   Thanks!
\"@hattakzots:  you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!\"
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
\"@robocosby: help me  I am depressed\". Keep your chin up!
\"@bobbassman:  @anthonyolgin like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country?\" Really bad war
\"@KevinMartinRI: I'm a big fan of the new  ties. Fka9s2D0e8\"  Thanks, selling great at.Macy's!
\"@ctormes:  @anthonyolgin Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on?\" Yes, but we must move quickly!
\"@Patrick_Gibson:  country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald.\"  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
\"@anthonyolgin: . do u ever get sad?\"  Yes, when I look at what's happening to our Country!.
\"@mhrynuik: @ashleymchandler - so cool that  and @JoelOsteen are twitter friends!!\"  -And REAL friends, Joel is the BEST!
@JGrant_Realtor  Thank you!
\"@healthy47:  @shelleysherwin Trump Soho is the best hotel.\"  Thanks.
I’m on @ETonlineAlert tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago Uxdq4bf30K
@Nick_Botha  Thank you.
@CompaqSstring3 Perhaps.
Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation.
People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters.
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
\"If you don't do your part, don't blame God.\" - Billy Sunday
@doug_barnard                     \n\" You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine\"  Thanks!
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
My @SteveDeaceShow int. on China, the economy and my upcoming keynote at @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit wdwwBE83wz
@willeshirey                  \n\" so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man\"  Great.
@kaplunm        \n\" thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?\" No respect for U.S. by Russia.
@THETylerDeBoer @JoelOsteen  Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump FYAyusZvmq
#TrumpVine @arod sucks! WPZlEtLaZM
“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.” -  Norman Vincent Peale
When I jokingly said \"bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple\" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters ; losers had a field day!  Sad.
\"@DurangoRick: @1986Fed \"Obama needs to listen to \" - Nope, #Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless ; in over his big head.\"
\"@ShellySrt0527:  what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?\"  Great leadership!
\"@JoelOsteen: Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories.\"
\"@1986Fed: Obama needs to listen to  so we can turn things around economically !!\"  So true, and it would be sooooo easy!
@The_Iron_Lad Conservative!
\"@sabrinarose2012:  @Teresa_Giudice thanks Mr. Trump♡ we ♥ Teresa★ #RHONJ\"  Say hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up
@MEEDColin   Yes, very soon.  Project will be amazing!
@firdousalidr Have fun!
@ccalder0811 Thank you.
\"@TullThomas:  Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it.\" Thanks!
\"@vicsecret2:  hi Don, what are your thoughts on Teresa Guidice????\" A really nice person-hopefully everything will work out
@glenda_goff Happy birthday Glenda!
\"@shelleysherwin: ....Trump Soho...... You're brilliant!\"  It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks.
@An3T   Thanks.
@rat4xmas Thanks Tim!
@hugozepedatv   Thank you.
@Cancer_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!
\"@anniehepburn: I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me!  ♥\"  Thank you!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Just like @Yankee organization, I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
@Klassnik                      \n\"i survive on bread, water and 's essential tweets\"  Great!
@Wsutt                \n\" Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?\"  Yes.
@sharonk720            \n\" appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u.\"  My honor.
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming U1e9OpO3Fi
Great piece by @EWErickson @RedState exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare OqKrzfjUhI
@Irene1969 Have a great day.
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!
\"Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it.\" - @SenMikeLee
Via @PostSports @barrysvrluga \"Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia\" 6njHbO5rmM
\"Trump: Something ‘mentally wrong’ with Weiner\" v3GpZzbtED  via @hilltube by @DanielStrauss4
Looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out kWP1FV0eY9
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
\"@texan767:  that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.\"  True!
@Based_Erc   Thanks.Eric.
\"@BarryBnice:  Whose worse weiner or arod?\" Too close to call!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
@not_that_actor   Thank you Andy!
@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
\"@AronsArmy:  dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion\" Only by doing something that you love!
@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
\"@kata2bijak: You have to have BIG ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@kata2bijak: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@thequote: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. - Donald Trump\"
@da1nonlyasulony Thank you so much Adam!
\"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement.\" - Henry Ford
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
@Oloch3  Thanks.
\"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\" \nMary MacLeod Trump\n\"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\" \nFred C. Trump
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable ; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
@tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@tuserious854 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
@gfgpj @ThomRipley  Thanks!
@JacoboCasarez                \n\" which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?\" Hard to say--all are fantastic.
\"@ThomRipley: I got some  ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point.\"
\"@ekokurn: RT : “Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi\"
@Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks.
@BaronToutenberg               \n\" What advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife Huma?\" Take off!
@JaminCoolJ                  \n\" Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best?\" I'd better not say!
“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi
@PIETIEV  Thanks!
@chef2234 @Cloutsnchara Happy Birthday.
Via @theFAMiLYLEADER:  “Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit” IzUqUbkwtT Get tix kWP1FV0eY9
@aprilpole                \n\" I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you\"  Thanks.
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
@TrumpDoral @RealJoeBrady It will really be amazing when complete.
@MKasun Thanks.
@MontoyaMania                \n\"a good 75% of  's tweets get favorited\"   Great!
@euanhay You can have a round on me!
\"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success.\" - A. Schweitzer
@Deelaney31                     \n\" Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success?\" I love what I do.
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
\"@BBKdayspa: : I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki.\"
@RonaldFasshauer True!
\"@not_that_actor:  @karenh129 @kathykphillips What do you mean “IF” Donald ran!? If he doesn't run, we're sunk.\"
@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!
\"@karenh129:  @kathykphillips if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate ; congress? It's leadership!
\"@CantalupoA:  please tell me another apprentice is coming !!\"  It is!
\"@lazyj70:  @Maathewdavis beating China, and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!
\"@kathykphillips:  ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
@colinth21 Thanks Colin.
\"@Maathewdavis:  if Mr. Trump runs for president, America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!\"
\"@sammy_abdel:  too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple\"
\"@sammy_abdel:  Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!\"
\"@MS_Landshark:  @AMuller65 No I can't say I see it, I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to Obama\"Wrong
\"@Twan_Da_Guy:  what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur?\" Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
\"@TheOtherRosie:  @kmcs1957 Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?  My kids!
\"@MarkAGiarrusso:  @kmcs1957 You will get support, but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race.\"
\"@GabrielC1997:  @AMuller65 with  as president USA will be back on top\"  True!
\"@Meaghan08:  Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki, Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!\"
\"@LebaneseMafia24:  there will come a day when everyone will say \"we should have listened to Donald Trump.\" So true!
\"@_olliesdaddy:  is there anyone that loves you more than yourself?\" Probably not!
\"@Lakers305:  When is #TrumpNationalDoral scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March\" Very soon!
\"@JUrciuoli19:  Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.
\"@AllenWronowski: @suzywhaley @ThePGAofAmerica  For the week, # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC
\"@kellypennett: “@jessrogo: The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner” Thanks!
\"@kmcs1957:  what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?\"  Great support!
\"@bobBhewitt:  Derek Jeter, what a return! He is the anti A-Rod, great leader. Have you met him?\" He is a Great guy!
\"@AMuller65:  Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new ; capable leadership.
\"@YadiraNASA: \"@cschlechta:  quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA
\"@JUrciuoli19: Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!
\"@fam5rock:  #snowden not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping\" Bullshit
\"@JUrciuoli19:  when does Apprentice finish casting?\" We are casting now-some great people!
\"@TJTintMan:  Got engaged at @TrumpChicago . Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!
\"@DuncanHughes62:  the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
@RealSonnyNewman  They are laughing.
@vin7768   Thank you-work hard and good luck.
The U.S. is now \"begging\" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
\"@CBrock14:  what do you think the best major to study in college is?\" Follow your dreams-study what you love!
\"@mrrmart:  what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country?\" Find greatness and push to victory!
\"@lindapct:  Mr. Trump, can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?\"  Will not be easy!
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
The new reality – China’s demand for oil now controls the market lqKTTsyCoQ  And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
Wacko pervert @AnthonyWeiner’s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. He’s an insensitive racist.
#TrumpVine A message for @AnthonyWeiner- cZx1hoITWB
\"@JohnTorcasio:  is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades.\"  Incompetence
\"@ryan211:  Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?\"  ME!
\"@TWIWRadio:  Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? #AskDonaldTrump\"
\"@CBass7:  you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you, a true and honest man. I try!
\"@GLOBOGUS:  You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless\" Thanks!
\"@Gary_J_S:  Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!
\"@asaadhutchinson:  #Scotland is so lovely, I understand your love for it.\"
\"@anniehepburn: @IvankaTrump  Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too, Ivanka. ♥\"  So true!
\"@StoraxBobac:  Remember when you were in the music video \"On Our Own\" from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome.\"  Yes!
\"@Luke_Enns: \": “Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne\" Cant argue with the Duke.\"
\"@Andy_The_Twit:  When will Dubai be complete?\" Under construction now-completion in two years!
\"@ZachKrantz:  Cant wait for tourney next March, always good to have you on with @JoeRoseShow before big tournament\"
\"@D_Harris24:  Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!\"  Thanks!
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
\"@DREARECINO: \"@FredrikEklundNY: Biggest name in real estate! \" ICON!\"Thanks!
\"@Btosiridesigns:  bLypukiKuZ Please help us achieve our goal and share the link. Thank you!\"
\"@shelby_morgan12: I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
On the sands of Playa Brava, waves will reflect on walls ; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este xemmzS0trA
Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
“Learn to think continentally.” - Alexander Hamilton
\"Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need\" DaGdTlEEGt via @Newsmax_Media
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
@MikeMcHale09      \n\" Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?\" Yes.
@purplerapezebra                    \n\" also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days.\" And I have stock
@Dawson304  True!
@cccabrera10                       \n\" reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information.\"  Thanks.
Mar-a-Lago is Florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities SHszxX9M9J
“There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.” -  Bobby Orr
\"@shelby_morgan12: I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
\"@EdnaBateman: \"You have to get people wanting to work again, and that's not what's happening in this country.\" 
\"@quinton_west: @amyjwood that's because  IS THE MAN.\"  Thanks!
@leaheary  Thanks.
\"@StanMorris:  I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs
\"@jsheehangolf:  and @oreillyfactor need to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!
@DanScavino   Great!
\"@EdnaBateman: \"...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock.\"  #Truth\"
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
\"@alanzaniewski:  this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner\"  Thank you-another daily change to technology!
\"@newnonny:  @CraftMonroe if @DannyZuker is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also, boring)!
\"@chiIIdog:  ten years ago, we had steve jobs, bob hope, and johnny cash. now, we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.\"
\"@cschlechta:  quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC? 9NIEValUH8\"  Great!
\"Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are.\" - Midas Touch
Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation ; apology!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and @TheTeaParty_net’s Kellen Guida on yesterday’s successful Tea Party Caucus n1TkGPsuHk
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Summit IzUqUbkwtT  Big crowd!
I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
My comment last March - “Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert, you think he will change? He will never change.” uF5F0FbwGd
My @gretawire int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting GMsbPCyPuZ
@prisih91               \n\"In love with The best book that i ever read !  \"why we want you to be rich\" and Robert kiyosaki\"
@SonsofReagan                 \n\" Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!\"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
Why is @AlexSalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @VattenfallGroup quit because of no (cont) jMzvTmjLGp
@samaraOMGharper  Thanks.
@ACmeansBusiness Thanks.
@stevenfarris        \n\" Great interview with Greta!  \"America has lost incentive!\" \"  Thanks and true.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
\".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black  4real\".Great Dean, and you will make it!
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- dwMiW9T2q6
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
\"@Jess_Wiliem98:  I really love reading your books. You should write more books!\"  Thanks!
\"@whartonmagazine: Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article about , W'68. 8eenznCEj1\"
\"@barnard_sonja:  I wish I had your confidence!\"  WIN, WIN, WIN and you will develop great confidence!
\"@ReZ_Boom: If  ran for president I would so support him!\"Thanks Grady!
\"@AdanTheDon:  What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???\"  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
\"@harkiret:  I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader\" Thank you!
\"@AdrianDemers:  if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?\"  Not very long!
\"@therickyjones:  do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?\"  Absolutely!
\"@abbasjaf:  well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice.\" They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
\"@3valuedlogic:  the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
\"@BritniMacchia:  Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!\"  Very soon!
\"@jcalcat:  give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you\" Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
\"@AJZnidarsic:  when will Charlotte see \"Trump\" as part of the skyline?\"  Already have a great job there, Trump National.
\"@AdamOgdenCEO:  you are always on point with your comments! always real.\" Thank you Adam.
\"@TheCanta:  Will next @WrestleMania be #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
@JMHPolitics  True!
\"@DStandridge92:  family is the US version of the Royal family!\"   No, but thank you so much!
\"@HeyMACCC: I feel like the only people who hate  are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.\"
\"@chinnis_28:  #Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.\"
\"@millersandra88:  @jsheehangolf I bet if he were running this country, we wouldn't be in this mess!!\"True-great again!
\"@WaltsPrincesss:  @RyanRMiner @Rosie She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
\"@alexmoose454_:  SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!\"
\"@Its_FatTony:  how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?\"  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
\"@TommyfromMalden:  Big fan Mr. Trump, you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 !\" Always fun to do Howard's show.
\"@lalatweetface:  we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again\"
@mikeymexico  Thsnk you.
\"@shaun_landi:  trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!\"  True!
\"@Full76:  Wonderful job \"On the Record\"! I think you are tops!\"
\"@debitking:  : I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.\"
\"@cphily4u:  ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!\"
\"@T_Craig44: \"They don't have the incentive to move forward\"- literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen\"
\"@ChadMLadwig:  Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016\"
\"@missADelgado: \"He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion.\" -  pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)\"
\"@jsheehangolf: Why is  not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it.\"
@3girlsandDTrain   Just amazing!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
\"@DomenicGallina:  cant wait one of the best shows on tv\"  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
\"@RyanRMiner:  Is your fued with @Rosie over?\"  No, it will never end, but she has become totally irrelevant!
@lucasnahn Thanks.
\"@CraftMonroe:  Danny Zuker is irrelevant.\"  So true!
\"@dellLucky13:  Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
\"@DomenicGallina:  any news on a new celebrity apprentice?\"  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
\"@rodmonium91:  Is your war with @DannyZuker over with?\"  Who is Danny Zuker?
\"@Ravens4life27: I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from  for my birthday... that would be awesome!\"
\"@ptcurtis:  Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?\"  In this crazy World, anything is possible!
\"@Criss_Pena:  will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!\"  So true!
\"@RachSolo7: I want to be just like  when I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident\"  Go for it!
\"@calebjofficial:  your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!\"  Thanks, we can all use the prayers
\"@Erita234:  I really do respect your views as a republican!\"  Great.
\"@Dursonator:  you are my hero\"  Thank you!
\"@WinPropP:  @paul4prolife You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life\" Thanks.
\"@CraftMonroe:  You were very right about Weiner as always.\"
\"@cr7oned:  people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me\"  Thank you, and Wiener will do it again!
\"@Azhar__Siddique:  How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig\"  Yes, big plans!
\"@MattAstro: wish they'd name the royal baby after \"  Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
\"@paul4prolife:  Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance\" Thank you!
\"@FollowHeidi:  every major city in the world has one of your buildings, correct? The more I travel, the more I see...\"
\"@Dskoon152_part2: Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you ! \" Yes, but she is very happy!
\"@jshamie:  Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?\"
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
\"@MexicoIndie:  if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better\"
\"@ryan_moy:  I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!\"
\"@VOIPDATA: How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? \": On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!\"\" Eliot is also sick!
\"@JosephMouser:  get it right its carlos danger\" Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
\"@JerzFukc: Honestly  been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him\"
\"@realjosepineda:  on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode YlDqBo2yrp\"
\"@aarnold1877: @Letti4U  he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.\"
\"@rspnp0712:  you for President!\"  Thanks.
\"@makenzie_means: I remember when  said #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!\"
\"@exclusivelyDee:  I mean really ... Weiner ; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
\"@A_manAdrian:  Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical ; to the point !\"  Thanks!
\"@Kev1009:  are you building a Condo in Manila, Philippines? If so, should I invest?\"  YES-YES.
\"@Beagle5iver:  going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!\"  Great!
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
\"@nickwvaughn: All I'm asking is for  to tweet me.\"
\"@Menasseu:  I'll be richer than you when I reach your age! #DreamBig\"  GREAT, go for it!
\"@pmpatl:  You need to run in 2016!!!\"  Thanks.
@presidentstevie   Not when you are running for Mayor!
\"@kimekime19:  people will someday listen to you\"  I hope it's not too late!
\"@Sensa328:  @realJamesScott I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes!\" Isn't it amazing?
\"@ANBMJB:  You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own\" WIN!
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
\"@realJamesScott:  what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference?\" Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
@jeffldye                    \n\" Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links.\" Thanks.
@rexrode_lisa                \n\" you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted\" Dated. No, that's talent.
@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc.
@StephenDoody3                   \n\" Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?\"  No.
“To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire
According to @pewresearch, illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1 ZN4rOIFVzA @GOP pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish
.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
National Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love' NkEiiQ6gWV
Great read: “Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass, he's going Trump funding” sDdbhCcDoe via @upstartbusiness
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor ; a great guy!
No surprise, serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer K12kGRwyTK
Detroit’s bankruptcy could just be the start mkpCoozIe4 Many municipalities across US are over-leveraged ; losing citizens
70 stories over Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama is the country’s first five star development.  A masterpiece FhjEmP4xwU
@YashKandhari        \n\" I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational ; inspiring. Thank you so much\" Thank you.
@ashleyemom23 Happy Birthday!
ginrnnr2                    \n\" ...is China economy in a \"bubble\"?\"  Only if we want it to be!
@ScottFerrall  Thanks.
@RickyMadsen @HeidiMads @Oprah Happy Anniversary Heidi!
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
\"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.\" --Albert Einstein
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
\"@ourjuicejourney:  plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!\"  Thanks for the confidence!
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
\"@1_Car_Guy:  Uhm, weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?\"  No
\"@poppjoe:  I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world , no direction from our president. SAD\"
@Page08   True!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their \"freedom\". Our leaders are so stupid!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
\"@geoff911:  #theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you.\"  Great.
\"@Freeman_Gadsden:  @QQueenLLouise anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television\"  Thanks.
\"@Christineinsatx:  Morning Donald, from Texas, The Longhorn State. God Bless You.\"  Texas is GREAT!
\"@QQueenLLouise:  They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!\"  No, 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
\"@MikePicardi101:  I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!\"
@not_that_actor   A terrible situation.
Will be on Fox ; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
\"@Sofia_Mozek: Why  isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me.\"
\"@EricaBigelow: I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that  is on the ballot.
\"@MissUniversNEWS:  I LOVE YOU\"  Thanks, and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
@Erikjhalvorsen   Yes!
\"@barrman:  You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016\" Thanks!
\"@bufordta2003: I hope  runs for president, he is what our country needs to get or economy going\"  Thanks!
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
\"@CPartridge11:  You're my role model ever since 6th grade\" .Work hard Clay.
\"@quickerwit: When  speaks people should listen.\"  Thanks.
\"@madkins79:  Hey Donald, we love you in Florida!\"  Florida is great!
\"@JosiahJames17: Need more people like  in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things.\"
\"@SeanMcQuade: @Acliffe  jealous of his success ?\"  Sean, don't waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going!
\"@jimmy_mac1964:  Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover.\"
\"@james0479:  Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming\"  Thanks.
\"@Graciferia:  I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!\"  Thanks!
\"@TheAhmadHassan:  Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them\"  Thank you!
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
Great read by @VDHanson: “Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants” OfmzjKk6x7
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Important editorial by John Faso in @nydailynews: “Spitzer’s reckless leadership” nF2dSq3euO
Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls ; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released.
@coolioneal  Thanks.
@tmWood8 @FoxNews Thanks.
.@AS_ScienceGuy                     \n\" Thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks Great new breakthroughs.\" Fantastic!
@jeff__miller  Thanks.
@CleoVienRayTaba Could happen.
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
.@AndreaTantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, ; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Ranked nationally in @GolfMagazine's top 100, Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece ykloZgMUEx
@YashKandhari                 \n\" Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot\" Thank you.
@MGSeneca He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
In @oreillyfactor’s No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment, negotiating with China ; my $5M court win 2ZWlIKVGia
\"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.\" - Dale Carnegie
@elbatata_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
@jdaddy98  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects ; problems solved.
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
\"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be.\" - Ken Venturi
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
\"@Michael__Farkas:  can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?\"
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
@JoselynMartinez  Thank you Joselyn.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, on @FoxNews at 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m.
“Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
@cloverc8  Thanks.
@algiers4 Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal
@thompson_dustin The Art of the Deal.
“The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
@vinceritch Thanks.
@TrumpPhillyGM                     \n\" You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!\" Thanks!
The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio, Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel h8SxveqWdO
Must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance RmnNnSClpM
.@youngmman \" Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope.\" Wrong on Barron!
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.
@rhino848484 My honor.
.@bigstack19 \" Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont) QvqDlRuxCM
.@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
\"Time is on your side; things do not continue downward forever.\" - Think Big
\"We all have the capability to read, or sense, what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont) IyxNQdSD6u
\"Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success.\" ― Conrad Hilton
\"@rhino848484:  how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?\"  Boycott ; cancel subscriptions.
\"@PolitiGal2012: Hey  how come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week?\" Heat 10 years ago was far worse!
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
\"@DeborahNorville: It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx \" Thank you D
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
\"@DillsMama13:  What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
\"@Paulaj65: @RealJobeTalk  If u hate Mr Trump, why r u following/commenting on him? I'm a big fan of his!!!\"
\"@JeremyHL:  - Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYou\"  Thanks
\"@cameroon1974:  so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver,Canada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
\"@VINnipuncture:  I hope you will include @MariaSharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
\"Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities\" - Think Like a Champion
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health ; then get a @RollingStone cover.
@B3kz0r  Many people agree!
@Preppermeister @EastsideRJ  Thanks.
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
@CMCoe Have fun!
@francaselles  Thank you.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
@PRGirl817                 \n\"Way to go  for the big donation to the #VAuction\"  Thanks.
@JocelynClervil @ESPN_Colin  Thanks.
@espnradio My great honor!
@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
@lakotadlustig  Good luck!
@ShawnWHughes  Thanks.
@FunnyJS Great, thanks!
@koneslager         \n\" - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book\" Thx.
@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
\"Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland\"  uRKFmB5GaS
@Terrell87               \n\" I read your book: \"Trump 101 The Way to Success\" and I absolutely love it.\" Thanks, good luck!
@Pliztef  I like being nice to people.
@BrikMillerEDG You will love it!
@owenkopitekavan               \n\" I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it...\" Thanks and good luck.
@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
\"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.\"  Dale Carnegie
\"@J4K9FLATLEY:  can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice\"
\"@IMUNCIRCUM5IZED: @Bman2095 my heroes are either  or @mark_wahlberg\"  Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
\"@aerith1: .@piersmorgan . I will be watching .@Lord_Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!
\"@RogerRainier: It seems like 's #golf course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go! uc4gyL2tDO
\"@RogerRainier: .@nathsky Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this? uc4gyL2tDO  Yes, really nice story!
\"@Brian_Legit:  Whose your MVP?\"  Mariano.
American league wins!
@RussellCochran Thanks.
\"@DatDudeHead:  mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016\"  True.
\"@Beagle5iver:  every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?\"Tiger, Phil, Ernie or Justin Rose.
\"@flebotomy:  How does this make you feel? #BoycottRollingStone 9leT9c1Szu\"  Rolling Stone Magazine sucks!
\"@Alejandro12386:  How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.\"
\"@humberto1731:  Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..\"  Totally.
@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!
\"@aatl5112012:  please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES\"
@JMonaski1 Sad!
\"@Ben24h:  what do you think about Mike Trout?\"  One of best young players EVER!
\"@ynotgolfguy:  Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.\"I wish
\"@chillychillman: @kieronfowler  the man is a legend\" Very nice!
\"@MarkAcay:  @MichaelKaye_3 @foxandfriends All red necks ; bigots.\"  Actually very smart ; a terrific public service-truth!
@markodero32   Interesting.
\"@yet_another_day:  now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight?\" American
@Polatseck Thanks!
\"@ClareAurelio:  @Gamecockmtm1967 Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!\"  Perhaps so, not good!
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali
\"@DaveEtzler  Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments.\" -- Thanks, they are amazing!
@MysticWolf12001 Thanks.
@IRideMarta:                     \n\" please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect\" Thanks.
@jonyeong Don't be a fool.
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
@AustinSaysThat True!
@JesusSoGameeer I promise.
@ugolf_ross Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
@ajshaw1003 Great!
@jaime_rg                       \n\"Think Like a Billionaire. By: . A Must-Read. W80SNXR75A\"
@ADuanePotter Do not give up--you will make it!
@not_that_actor  Interesting!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
“Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch
.@ArceePalabrica  \"Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge\"
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC WIp3fMm2DI OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily.
“Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big
@Sandy070707 Thanks.
@menyhoffman Great and thanks.
@John_Monteforte  Thank you.
@underworldfilms Thank you!
@trace_barden Good luck.
\"Trump: Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'\" OcJJzMNYP7 @Newsmax_Media
Via @TheStreet by @swan_investor: \"Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland\" Z3vnhC8qDa
Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard. E0Q8nVM6VJ
I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K
“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch
\"@JakeNGarman:  Your buildings were used in Tower Heist ; The Dark Knight Rises, are they in any other movies?\"  Many!
@pixxxxxiedust Yes Danielle, a great chance.
\"@yet_another_day:  Who's your Home Run Derby winner?\"  Perhaps Davis!
\"@MichaelKaye_3: @foxandfriends on Monday mornings is my favorite because of \"  They are great people!
\"@Gamecockmtm1967:  please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASE\"  I never tease--but thanks!
\"@Sharky_88:  I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
Now A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised – $2.6T ALM2gjreCQ It is not sustainable. (h/t @gatewaypundit)
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China, our greatest threat ljj6DcWb3Z We are financing our enemy.
Be careful – sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Eliot Spitzer’s illegal, frivolous ; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Via @411mania: \"Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling\" YgeKalKmKu
My @foxandfriends int. on the Zimmerman trial ; verdict, courage of the jury and reactions! SLNsimszFx
\"@milescstewart:  finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100%\"
\"@andre_c26: Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today, it's amazing. #nicejob \" Thanks.
\"@brooklynvd:  is my favourite person on twitter.\"Thank you-my honor!
\"@lorraine0914:  the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!\"  Thanks L.
\"@desktodesk7:  I'm hoping the history books read \"Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times\". Wow, very nice!
\"@petey0715: Love him or hate him, you have to admire his genius and candor . #keepingitreal.\"  Thank you.
\"@jbazkmorton: . I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?\"  Thank you.
\"@jomaraneta:  I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy, but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you..\"
\"@alyona_polishuk:  @JamesMattiske Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read.\"
\"@Jaytotheford:  how did you like espn 30/30 on USFL?\"  A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.
\"@7girl2boyPerez:  Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump.\"
\"@_milfncookies:  I wanna do naughty things to u\"  Emelie behave, I am not Eliot Spitzer.
\"@luuuucy15_:  hey I really love you and you're awesome\"  Thanks Lucy.
\"@FreshWessyWes:  youre awesome!!!\"  Thanks.
\"@TroyMeaz:  america is falling apart! we need you\"  True and true.
\"@sammydc8:  The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma\"  Not much.
\"@JakePINZ:  is a damn GENIUS !\" Thank you.
\"@ShawnWHughes:  @BarackObama has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world.\"
\"@SScottlilly80:  Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now.\" They do laugh!
\"@pblomgren:  It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet\"
\"@FullForce098:  you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet.\"  Great news!
\"@JamesMattiske:  the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you\"  The haters are losers with no guts!
\"@mariacapa123:  I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you.\" They do!
\"@gusdoes:  wisest of all reporters 👏\"  Thank you!
\"@BigDaddyD603:  first time I have ever agreed with you\"  You must be kidding!
\"@Eian_Bell:  i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case\"  Thank you for being so nice!
\"@KindofABD: Who would have guessed that  would be the smartest person on my news feed right now\" I was always the smartest!
@HelenPferdehirt Thanks Helen
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
@fordbeautyqueen   Thanks.
\"@jacob_dotson: If you don't follow  you should probably just go home.\"
\"@Domc73:  how much money do u give to charity every year ???\"  Lots!
\"@kellygpiowa12:  @Elianism &gt;Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!
\"@HelenPferdehirt: It truly makes my day to read  's tweet responses\"
\"@Scribe53:  @MGIFINC Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented.\"  Actually, she has got no talent at all-ZERO!
\"@DJ_DFunk: Can't wait to hear  speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.
\"@ThatBoyFlyy:  1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON\"  Thanks.
\"@MasonMugwire:  Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?\"  Probably!
\"@MGIFINC:  --- Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you.\"She can't help herself - she's sad, angry and pathetic!
\"@PhilipinDC: I've finally unfollowed \"  I doubt it loser but, if so, you'll be back because you're lonely ; admire genius!
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
\"@ComptonTyrone: “: I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
\"@DBradleyRI:  upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore -- I'm calling it now\"  That could happen!
\"@MzInvestigator:  @EricTrump love @trumpwinery for my mom's birthday!! 6IBII1ZD7Y\"  The best in Virginia!
\"@Elianism:  Oh my gosh, that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks.\"  Isn't that terrible!
\"@PageantWorld: \": Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?\" -with her beauty for sure she will ☺ @MissUSA\"
\"@EEpplin: @carterj1982 is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate? \" Good luck!
@EvanSMSolutions   Good luck!
\"@cakeladyconnie:  I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'\"  They would not!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
\"@Mitchwa:  Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning\"  Correct!
\"@billy_douglas:  would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?\"  With ease and get nothing for it!
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
\"@Stinger_Inc:  Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself)\" Great City
\"@rsims16:  you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
\"@Adam_Genato:  are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila, Philippines soon?\"  Could happen, great place to be!
\"@sergiohed:  hey, bring miss universe back to brazil again!\"  That will happen, next up Moscow-November 9.
\"@StanMorris:  Your books, especially The Art of the Deal, are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan, sir. Thanks.
\"@UmerRizwan2:  Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa, Ontario ?\"  Hello Umer, you sound like a great guy!
\"@MrPerfect4:  how come u only reply to compliments?\"  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
\"@TTmilano: When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its Mr , Sir what u have achieved is a dream. T
\"@Adw5Weber:  thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!\"  Great.
\"@chrisinspfld:  @Nate_StuLLeR didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?\"  Yes.
\"@jannyp70:  @kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits!\" Just profits
@rockster62   Wow!
@leighton_chris   Thanks.
\"@UltimateFrieza:  UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!\"
\"@mister_deleon:  You are a tough #SOB but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !
\"@phoneman98:  It's time for your @WWE return!!! When will you make it happen?\"  Ask Vince, we have the all time record!
@jimdaniels_jd   Thanks.
\"@GreatBolter:  @Nate_StuLLeR You use leverage better than anyone!\"  That's what they say!
\"@kyleraccio:  Sugar is so untalented!\"  True, but he makes me money!
@anitanewell   Interesting.
\"@ChrisCJackson:  I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you, bet she loved it!
\"@Nate_StuLLeR:  what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?\"  Not too great!
\"@BoxyBate: : Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?\"  Hello!
@anitanewell   True!
\"@Queenjess32:  you're awesome.\"  I like you toooo-thanks!
\"@tcasson21:  craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?\"  Who is Craig Ferguson?
\"@JewelsInLotus:  @BG9half @TheScotsman Amazing Beautiful Place!!\"  Thanks!
\"@Robert_MacRae: Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? \"  and save the birds!
\"@FraserPorteous2:  I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work, Trump!\"  T
\"@mikefavreece:  your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you.\"  Great!
\"@THE_OBM:  Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job, Don.\"
\"@FranzThompson: @LOUISFANUCCHIIV Go vote and support  at 9LnAKc0KGF\"  That sounds cool!!!
@mikefavreece   Thanks!
\"@rfhoganjr: New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.Thanks . It ; Royal Dornoch gems.
\"@BG9half:  @TheScotsman Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy.\"
@JTFoxx   True and thanks!
@BeaumontAnthony   Thanks!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch- pU9kwKxYV1
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
\"Trump’s Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year\" KuhD0b273h via @TheScotsman
Via CBSWashDC: “114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trump’s Latest Hotel” 7uX5iAR6so
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
“Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire
.@TrumpDoral’s record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests, events and conferences. F894Av2VpH
@JaiiderVilla   Thank you.
\"@mballance: The best birthday present would be a RT from the  2016\"
@IAMAASHKA    Thanks, it will be great.
\"@TheeSir_ZenSA:  Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.
\"@MelindaCWright:  gotta love The Donald\"  Thank you Melinda!
\"@nikkio:  Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
\"@J__Perc: I thought @mcuban was a closer... #guessnot I think I'll be listening to  he's a closer\"
\"@lvseven:  we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer\"
\"@drewgoo07:  has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American, and if your not following him your missing out.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
\"@RSOilers:  It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!\"  Our Country needs help and leadership fast.
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
via w5cPLpEGaU  Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune uwZ9EWDdVc
@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.
Must read @AmSpec article by Jeffrey Lord: “The Ruling Class Liberty Medal” Xop9FeSMKc
.@JoselynMartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer L2slCWA5cO  She visited Ivanka ; me at Trump Tower today.
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
Looking forward to a press conference  today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard jjfNhkjSEM
@rickywatt1 Thanks.
@Skooogs Great!
.@IamStevenT visited me at @TrumpTowerNY- what a great guy! zriawmzJgb
Trump International Hotel ; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub ; Trump Spa 82lbwXpKed
\"@JoselynMartinez: It was great to meet NYC icons  and @IvankaTrump today! #nyc f0flWiHoAS\"  Great meeting you!
\"@Brewjo32:  reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit\"  Great!
THE HILL’S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into ‘pervert central’ \naDfJpD7ySe
@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.
@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
@kjclt1 Thanks!
@NebSeb Thanks.
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
\"@888maggie888:  @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest\"  Thanks M.
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
\"@kiki_Mrizqullah:  who is your inspiration?\"   My father!
\"@Richharry10:  I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir\" X
\"@FKTrey: Putting on the  tie is an essential to my morning routine\"   That's great!
\"@JoeCodling:  your book's doing well in the UK mate.\"   Thanks.
\"@hi_ang3l:  My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol, my inspiration!\"  Have fun!
@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!
\"@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk:  Just went on a spree at Macy's, four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff, love it!
\"@Sneasure: I've got so much love for .\"  So nice, thank you!
\"@trandusa:  we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey,Istanbul Mr. Trump.\"  Love Istanbul!
\"@TalFalco:  I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time\"
\"@markmcco:  all accidents should require a drug test.\"  True!
\"@Macdaddyeli:  please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!\"  Thanks!
\"@BeaumontAnthony:  at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump\"   and correct!
\"@Saskatweet:  How \"on\" do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?\"  Who cares, they caused the crash!
\"@RealRayLong: .: You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016\"  So true!  -  thanks.
\"@Articmink:  Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of  You're amazing Mr Trump!\"  Thanks.
\"@S_Gosper:  _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!\"  You must be kidding!
\"@MarcusMyers1:  @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross Mr Trump, pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!
\"@newnonny:  um... How the hell do YOU know???\"  Because I'm very smart, dummy!
\"@c_c_saunders:  my dad played the new Scotland course today, left me a vm, \"put the Trump course on your list, must play.\"\"
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really \"off\".
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
“Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi
Must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor William Kristol ; @NRO editor @RichLowry ‘Kill the Bill’ 6Xxw9t8Zl4
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
It’s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The Deal
Trump Organization's first project in India, Trump Towers Pune, will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance VZr9jwKz29
Too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC  to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting…
With Spitzer ; Anthony Weiner running for office, New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic
“A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big
Be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything CMFrwv0P5t \nGiving away money!
@RickHasAMartini   You said you are \"tired\" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!
@MsLisaALevy  Thank you!
\"@LanceBrookins:  - oh wow that course is beautiful\"  Thanks.
\"@BeaumontAnthony: . Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and instead @AlexSalmond. Is to blame\" Greatest course was built!
\"@BobSmit98038199:  Don Trump is Gods gift to America\"  Thanks Bob.
\"@scheekster:  @TrumpGolfLA and an awesome restaurant!\"  Thanks.
\"@cGjeezy:  Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas #AskDonnie\"   Far superior!
\"@Sebastien_LA: I aspire to be like  The man is a genius.\"  True but thanks!
\"@michael_adair:  the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!\"
\"@JasonMorgan066:  I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!\"  Thanks!
\"@cougar_ku:  Please run for president, Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!\"  Interesting!
Was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland. 6sLubEQyll
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation, we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! HEP1kOlty2
\"@cowpokes6369:  any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news.\"   YES!
@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy True and thanks.
@vexnerd  I did a great thing for Scotland!
@BeaumontAnthony True and thanks!
@jreid1973 She was great!
@dimasmoosa Thank you.
\"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.\" - Pres. Lincoln
@JackOLoughlin  Thanks.
\"Remember that things are cyclical, so be resilient, be patient, be creative, and remain positive.\" - Think Like a Champion
@kylejkrantz True!
@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
@L100RAN  Thanks!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
@NatalieJeeaann  Great!
@theoclass True.
@Lee_Renn1  Thanks.
\"If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them.\" - Think Big
@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt by @mboyle1: “EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA” XRwaUGFUa8
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
@ptr2mm  Thanks.
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
‎In anticipation of ObamaCare, part-time jobs are surging ; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce Jt9wZhK5aa
Besides an award winning golf course @TrumpGolfLA features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula xtxcqqFubq
@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you.
\"@hussienskaiky:  @Drake4444444 Trump Chicago, New York, Miami, Vegas, and the list goes on and on\"  Thanks!
\"@Drake4444444:  why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?\"  I do, big league!
@KayJayButton   Yeah, blame me moron!
\"@BeaumontAnthony:  thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump\"  Thank you!
\"@USAF_Classy_Guy: @ArsenioHall Sept 9, 2013...who will be first? I am sure  could be on that list\" Arsenio will choose!
@andy_murray   Fantastic job by @andy_murray, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING
\"@p6jeff:  picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!\"  GREAT!
@chrisopherdavis   True and thanks!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
\"@RicardoHernanG: Just bought  's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!
\"@AlexTallitsch: I wonder if  is going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.
\"@chuckesquivel: RT  \"@kormylo:  In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.
\"@hennessey_kyle:  I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track.\"  Thank you.
\"@MrDannyNoonan:  if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it?\"   Yes!
\"@kormylo:  In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!  We sure need somebody-FAST!
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
\"@mwitchie44:  @MattGallows What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there ; fix it!\"Thanks
\"@johnnyboob2:  what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?\"  False hope.
\"@MattGallows:  if you were to become president, could you make this country financially successful?  Absolutely!
@GolfweekMag - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
\"@nicko7785:  @TrumpSoHo Amazing time in NYC, best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.
\"@therealmlw:  you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
\"@TheGrumpyHusky:  Please run for President, America needs you and your leadership. I believe you can restore this Country!
\"@LMowle:  my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp ; rt 9NI90DRNvG http:
\"@Mikomuhfucka:  doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.  I have GREAT comp'--
\"@concal:  up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner.\"  Thanks, but.much more because of the.brain!
\"@jaymztyler:  You are awesome, and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote. #Trump2016\"  Thank you!
\"@JulismilesInc:  Imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done?\"
@TheRealKurse     So true!
\"@Eamyoncanoe:  Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
\"@rcassedy:  Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess..\"--and it can be fixed, thanks.
\"@jm_fig:  any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?\"  No, they will not!
\"@Viles_ATC:  I'm in Charlottesville, where is your winery?\"  Right nearby - just ask directions.
@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig.
@ruffff2    Thanks-a great place!
\"@Desperatedan17:  @Evan_Olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes
\"@iNathanMcKnight:  Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?\"  Didn't hurt!
\"@Debtampa:  you are Never wrong?  Never!
@BeccaPiano  Thank you Becca.
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
\"@KimberlyARoach:  should run for president. He'd have my vote. 👍\"  Thanks
\"@JZXtreme:  Donald Trump, the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!
\"@LinRo_2:  When are you going to buy a pro sports team?\"  Too many other things to do!
\"@GZervs:  why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?\"  I guess he didn't!
\"@Mzk51Matt:  what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit? #bigtrumpfan\"  Trump Tower,5th Ave
\"@NSprad:  @stevemit30 Donald, stick to business and politics.\"  I will!
@ChristineJude   Thanks Christine, very nice!
\"@FauxAndyLuck: . literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started.\"  Wrong!
\"@MarkMcGrath87:  You have a cunty demeanor.\"  True!
@drunkrhino   Great!
\"@stevemit30:  everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser, most thought Lakers or Dallas!
\"@m_i_c_h_a_e_l_m:  you are a very handsome man\"   I know, but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad.
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
\"@dandeloof:  any idea where Dwight Howard is going?\"  He will.do best in Houston!
\"@oralobgyn:  @ctobin22 Good timing for Paula Dean to go public, and lots of lawsuits. Where's her lawyer? Asleep?\"  ASLEEP!
\"@michaelmu:  How important do you think college is? Especially during these times..\"  Very important
\"@Lillyzart:  @ctobin22 Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!
\"@Trapp_Era: A bottle of wine, reading  :Art of the Deal, jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!\"  Very cute!
\"@Evan_Olson:  pitiful x2YC3EYtK2\" Windmills are horrendous-the people of Scotland hate them!
@lulabel3766   But Paula handled it very poorly!
@sirtyro   Thank you!
\"@ZacharyZermay:  I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi.\"  Too bad our Country can't do the same!
The \"Arab Spring\" is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!
\"@sirtyro:  How do you keep energy high ; positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business?\" Never think failure
\"@RobStylz: one of my all time favorite episodes of Fresh Prince is the one with  #classic 8E5CwOgpkX\"Thanks
\"@ctobin22:  any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking ..\" She must get back to work ; stop apologizing!
\"@michaelmu:  Thats such a clichè!! You can do better than that!\"  But it is so true and will never change.
\"@mistressleesa:  @AsadTMoosvi And if you love what you do, it doesn't feel like work!\"  100% true-it's like a vacation!
\"@AsadTMoosvi:  What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?\"  Work hard and love what you do-never give up!
My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
\"@MathemagicianUK:  @Numerologynow. I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!
\"@Mishaforever:  @MikeDGarrison Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!\"  She said some really bad and stupid things.
\"@John923:  I agree...But what have you done lately?\"  More than ever before!
\"@MikeDGarrison: \"Judge orders Miss Pennsylvania to pay Donald Trump $5M in defamation case. hakqedJ5va”  hits.
@ninetek  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?
\"@TunisieAffaires: Honestly ---&gt;  is a model to follow when it comes to the business world\"  Thank you!
\"@KrisztinaO:  where we going???\"  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control, the sharks won't have us to eat!
\"@Numerologynow:  U R RICH because your #DADDY left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone.
\"@BENBRICE7:  how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested\"  Finished and great.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
\"@TowerRecordsPrj:  any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
\"@josephmcasey: Why would @HISTORY ever choose  to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm\"  Because they are smart!
\"@4everSharkie: #iHateTheFactThat @trumpcasinos serves #sharkfinsoup and  could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?
@farm_mom   So true!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to “the second-highest level on record” aENXRcvMWg  FAIR trade, not free trade. I TOLD YOU.
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 E859qXEfHJ On the agenda, 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant in Moscow on 11.9, on @nbc!
Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
Via @nypost: \"Trump’s links getting green\" W4yWnvMile
@lbenson3 You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
\"@TAZZYdevil13:  When will we every catch a break ?\"  Only with new and smart leadership!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
\"@KingJonnie1:  Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
\"@fastfranky5:  if u don't run for President, who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNED\"  Lets see how it plays out.
\"@kennymacaskill1:  my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump\" Thanks.
\"@pskibbe:  Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties ; throwing them into the streets with nothing.\"
@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!
\"@tbclem2:  where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal @mcuban\"  The best fit for him would be Houston!
\"@MaaattyB:  are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?\"  Fantastic!
\"@HawksFanDenver:  What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?\"  Marry a rich person!
\"@farmcrayzee:  EVERY penny, I live in South Africa, they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!\"
\"@L_Jackson_78:  welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
@Dzeroseven   Wrong!
@FamousUmair   That's great!
\"@JefePinal:  is a fucking genius.\"   TRUE!
\"@Mike12Currin:  how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire?\" A small fraction of what I've created and built!
@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one.
@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)
\"@Sebuliba: \"@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa\" Wrong, if anything it's worse than I say
\"@DaLynxBk: Is it true  \"@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa\"  I'm right!
@dwangpow   So true!
\"@smoss319:  Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup\"  Thank you Susan!
\"@Jeromeister: Really , are you sure \"Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen\". Just 97%.
\"@Buhlebabe: RT : \"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.\" - Aristotle!
\"@ollact:  To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred\"  My father was a great guy and teacher
\"@kennethsmithmd:  I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
\"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.\" - Aristotle
“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father, Fred C. Trump
.@billmaher has continually degraded  Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show KzgtbWc87O Catholics should boycott HBO.
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
Instead of attacking me, Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda kkkwMsuSEY
I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company ; then went to prison, but he’s up for parole—let him go!
Snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences, world class golf ; a beach nhFEbOs73Y
@DurangoRick Thank you!
@jaymztyler I would stop paying him immediately.
\"@KeyAgents:  is a no nonsense man, he means what he says, and does what he intends and sets out to do. I'm a fan of great
\"@fvb123: \" \"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.\" - Churchill\"\"
\"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.\" - Think Big
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker ; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
\"Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US\"  Y8wsKau2GY via @thehill by @JTSTheHill
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Millions protesting in Egypt for Morsi’s ouster AAJxDF90Bl When will Obama demand Morsi’s resignation as he did to Mubarak
Located in beautiful Briarcliff, NY, @TrumpNationalNY features a 7,291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC XCgycLQa3H
Via @reason: \"Donald Trump: I Can Fix America\" xrx9LVuACe
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
Via WSOC_TV: \"Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte\" BN24ZrlIfl Great job @EricTrump
Fox and.Friends now!
\"@mm13815:  here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country.\"   PERFECTLY STATED!
\"@EditiEffiong: .@AbangMercy  Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions, less corruption ; impunity\" Ohhh
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
\"@Chase_Combs4: Getting ready to watch  on @FoxNews! #SmartGuy\"       Will be on 7 A.M.
\"@FreetownSpurs:  going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?\"  Trump Int.-1 CPW.
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
\"@carson_evans1:  You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy...\"  Thank you!
\"@nate_rogerthat:  why you hate @mcuban so much?\"  I don't hate him at all.
\"@TXPride80:  What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?
\"@DurangoRick:  Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ \"to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa”??\"   Crazy!
@kenzig   Thank you.
\"@JenDeJournett:  true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders ; field slips. So true,  I'm impressed!
\"@dentstwitt: @EDM___HEAD  @EdandBev My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No, only Paula Dean used it!
\"@davidrhythmguit:  @Chuffman48 Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here.\" Doubt it
\"@NickFronduto:  We have our annual @WFFSA Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
\"@marc_soler1:  why you take so serious so many stupid tweets, you are the Golden Boy of Real State, all my respects.\"
\"@MetalMadSean:  Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?\"  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
\"@Chuffman48:  I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you\"  Not even close, dopey.
\"@Chuffman48:  or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont\" He is boring, and much poorer than me!
\"@djgura:  ~ $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB, what gives?\" They know nothing about me or my numbers.
\"@EDM___HEAD:  @EdandBev lyin ass nigga\"  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the \"N\" word so freely, asshole?
\"@renee_mk:  I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money\"  I create lots of jobs
\"@sweetsare:  Hope the renovation is going well.\"  Thanks, when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
\"@EdandBev:  when do you expect the course to be finished?\"  November.
\"@cheriecorso:  I wish more people had ur tude\"  But they don't.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up ; less on her ego!
\"@nicko7785:  just got to NYC, what's ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city?\"  Go to Trump Tower, 57th. ; 5th. Avenue.
\"@JUSTGRIND:  How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent\"  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
\"@queenof72:  u should have run for president. our country is in a mess\"  Much bigger than you know!
\"@2p2TrollCat:  Why do you hate so many people?\"  I don't, I love people!
@danshaw2012   True!
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with \"them\" - just another sad ; lonely hater and loser!
\"@RSmithMIA:  what's your favorite book?\"  Trump, The Art of the Deal.
\"@MrsDaRe: @jimbhoyx  If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (; lonley)
\"@newnonny: @BmoreBadBoy81  don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an \"asshole\" Actually, I agree with that
I like doing this once a month for the haters ; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a \"wig\". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine
@CarlosGerboles   Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats.
\"@newnonny:  @sroyboyk prove it. And while you're at it, prove your alleged IQ as well.\" The highest, asshole!
\"@danielrogerson:  would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay.\"  Yes!
\"@catmos0:  You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President.\"  Thank you!
\"@jerrimoore:  @RyanSeanHeron A beautiful brilliant daughter @IvankaTrump\"  True!
\"@Showstopper1020:  Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family\"
\"@sroyboyk:  How much $ did you start with? Not a hater, just trying to get an answer. A tiny fraction of what I have built.
\"@johnnyboob2:  haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing\" I never went bankrupt moron-see Buffett,Kravis,Zell!
\"@2ndNatureShh:  What are your thoughts on this @Paula_Deen drama?\" Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
\"@MrsDaRe:  It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us!\" Lets see what happens!
@ebrumby   Thank you.
\"@995mu:  @DylanHEndlich Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter\"
\"@stevebickerton2:  @RyanSeanHeron I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it\" Thanks.
\"@DylanHEndlich: I don't understand why  wastes his time with fools on Twitter\"  I don't either (I feel sorry for them?).
\"@RyanSeanHeron:  have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs
@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
\"@YoungBasedGod_g:  your dad gives good brain?? Damn\"  It's called genes!
\"@AngryJesusRants:  why do you need so much? Change some lives, feed some hungry\"  I do, big league!
\"@blmeek:  you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous.\"  Totally true and thank you!
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
\"Imagination is more important than knowledge.\" --Albert Einstein
\"Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with other innovations.\" - Steve Jobs
Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big
Situated in the heart of downtown Toronto, the 65 story @TrumpTO offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle 1u2PNTPMCZ
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible! eod0dxXBTg
\"@VolitanLioness:  I don't know Donald, but he sure has made our government look foolish!\"  So, who hasn't?
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
\"@Zaranawabzadi:  @Jahbalon Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald\"
\"@TeaPartyHub: Infuriating that our government buys our flags from China! Such disrespect! JJ4bjbjZ0J @WashingtonDCTea
\"@ToddRiddolls:  how do you find the time?\" Not easy!
@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
\"@Sexys_Back:  we need firm decisive leadership, please consider a presidential bid mr trump.\" You are very smart!
\"@Jahbalon: I wouldn't mind  as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself \"is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?\"
Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big ; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
@AGCCevents @chambertalk Have fun!
@inkinhole  Very sad, isn't it!
@VinceMirabelli @TrumpLasVegas Thanks!
@Rich_LaBelle Have fun.
@KennethHazlett An answer would not be pretty!
@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible!
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
ObamaCare could \"eat up your raise\" V5ExFfIXHk Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty.
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups ASIzGZlaWT
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
Located in Palm Beach, FL, historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities SHszxX9M9J
\"@hoffers1: Just got thru reading \"Time to Get Tough\" by . It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel ; food for everyone.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
@nstegm  Real estate!
@pearlharry  Thank you!
@cherrie_stevens Interesting!
@Fordette12 Great!
@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
\"@nstegm:  #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?\"  My children!
\"@cloverc8:  that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect\"  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
@lmetzger3590   Thank you.
\"@pastapp:  YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!\"  Cute!
@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
\"@CariRead08:  I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best.\" You are very smart!
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
\"@steamjetboomer:  you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!\"  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
\"@sonaderi:  @coolchange80 And you're okay with the government spying on you?\" Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
\"@JFSargent: I feel like that last tweet by  is gonna be a good one to have on record.\"  Yeah, for me!
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
\"@Jmano33:  you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!!\" Thank you.
\"@AlannaWannabe: Say what you want about , he is a brilliant business man.\"  TRUE!
\"@CoolChange80:  Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden .\"  He is a traitor, absolutely. Others won't follow!
\"@Michelle823:  made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA !\" I am working hard to do so!
\"@KeyonMATTERS: You are so annoying \"  Thank you, now get a job!
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
\"@emileegorham:  I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!\"  Thanks Emilee!
@KevinwArchie   Thanks.
\"@LindaSuhler: @GBrucato21 @ericbolling  Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like \"The Donald.\" You're very smart!
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win ; winning MVP of series.
\"If you have a hard time communicating, one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience.\" - Midas Touch
\"Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information.\" - Think Big
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill TKdvhhh9hE Their expert opinions should at least be listened to.
Becoming a US citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
@MFMagOfficial Thank you.
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation” X5VAXwIb66
@EcatXerxes  Go for it!
@lorenzolamas Thank you!
@513pango That's really nice--good luck!
@cwbmustang There certainly is plenty of evil.
@HalfMoon4Life Thanks.
@1DavidKim @TrumpToronto Great!
@paulcdevlin Much better, enjoy it!
\"@rbdwalker:  @DonaldJTrumpJr Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (; others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Excited and honored to be addressing @theFAMiLYLEADER summit in Iowa this August.  CgTTujEi6K
Overlooking Central Park, @TrumpNewYork brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay AO22TZdhJO
Via @HotelierME: Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac 7uPBazNASv
Via @nydailynews: \"@IvankaTrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels\" YzdxvYAwWb
@ARMusicPlanner Happy Birthday Anthony,
Even liberals ; Democrats think Eric Schneiderman’s use of the Atty General’s office is unfair ; unethical.  38ZYbpj4t3
See Charles Gasparino’s article in today’s NYPost about Eric Schneiderman’s witch hunt against Republicans 38ZYbpj4t3
@pbanura or Ireland?
@TrumpPhillyGM @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyPro  Have fun!
@BestNewProduct @TrumpCollection  Thanks, it is a beautiful city.
@EWErickson Enjoy your stay!
\"@SteveRickettsSP: . does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!
\"@jmuoio88: Pretty sure the reason  is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life\" That helped!
\"@sufferlonger: What???  has his own NY State Park? This guy is everywhere! PC0VpxVJk0\"  It was a gift from me.
\"@PROestateagent:  True! And you are one of them - A great investor.\"  Thank you.
\"@Bunyolan:  HI Chalita Yaemwannang, Miss Universe Thailand 2013 in NC. Kb2YaM3Gfu\" See you in Moscow.
@caroleapple   Great meeting you!
\"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.\" - Henry Ford
\"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.\" \n\nJohn F. Kennedy
@WWEfan123444  Good luck.
Receiving the @RobbReport trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland. dbATc2iKyc
Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?
@CosmicShiftBar @I_Am_Optimistic Thanks.
@BarriMedia Good luck.
@fubaglady @CamaroDays  Thanks, I do and will!
@KJLLeonard Thanks!
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
\"@Patti_Wavinak:  I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard!\" DONE
My people caught the person who committed \"forgery\" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello. XCUB4udps1
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
@rtwing1020  Thanks--it will be great.
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
@DannyZuker Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
“Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas Touch
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
\"@bretech2: @niceprogressive I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd ; no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.
\"@not_that_actor:  It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success, DJ. But success is the best revenge\"
\"@Lisa_LuciaTesta:  I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!\"  That's for sure!
\"@dst1015:  my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.  Sadly, very sick people use my name.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
@Matglav @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
Great to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
.@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
@TheBigAStabile   So true.
\"@KyleMcCall4: A man works construction, is used to loud noise, ; can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC 
\"@coollikeelvis:  Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.\"  Thanks!
\"@ldbox:  Yes, Apprentice IS better, but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!\"
@tubby511 Thank you!
\"@ET614:  were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song, and music in general, is terrible!
\"@_ScumPrincess:  is the best person I follow\"
@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!
\"@DocShanahan1:  would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads\"  But The Apprentice is far better!
\"@PZoric:  rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice\"
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
Watch the game-really good.
\"@athompson362: Why did I quit following ? Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!\"  Everybody comes back!
Great basketball game going on right now!
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
\"@glcarter7:  @peaceloveandmeg Mr. Trump, Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?\"  Good luck!
\"@MannyMaCoo: I may not agree with some of his politics, but  is a phenomenal business man.\" So true!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, \"Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!\" Nice
\"@JLsmoothh:  I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime\"  Thank you Justin!
\"@MissUSA2005: Love this pic of @missusa, the beautiful Erin ; the one and only . Amazing show. Great picture, thanks.
\"@chrisleigh604:  welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit\"  Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up.  That’s what makes a winner.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
\"@peaceloveandmeg: but when you're in a beauty contest ran by  , all the contestants are republican.\" Bad grammar (run).
\"@marzanoj:  people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so, however, u r the marketing king as well.\" Thank you.
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Frankly, for a writer, I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact, it’s terrible.
I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends ; haters ; losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse
My @gretawire int. on Obama scandals not resonating, no retribution on Benghazi, Obama not being engaged 9Jh3WpcaJr
Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 ; @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of \"10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter.\"
.@GiulianaRancic ; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers ; @DJPaulyD’s performances!
The crowning moment – Conneticut’s Erin Brady winning @MissUSA 2013 oNW1joJtI0
Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
\"@JustinRose99: Time to enjoy an amazing day!\"   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
\"@mattseba: With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the  collection is at the top of my list. #quality   Thanks.
\"@TiffanyATrump: Happy Father's Day dad! Love you!  lvDgZWvOIQ\"  Thanks Tiffany, I am proud of you!
\"@aussiemika74:  Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one, but heard great things about it\"  YES
\"@HuandaRulz:  Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives.\"
\"@JamesKlatt:  moral of this story: guns (when used correctly) save lives!\" TRUE!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
\"@OnlyOneTweet_:  Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader, first time tweeter. How do I deal with bullies?\"  ATTACK OR IGNORE!
\"@dooobieashtray:  acts childish fighting with @DannyZuker via internet\" Wrong, he started it and I finished it-he's nothing
\"@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk:  Hey Donald, just want to say, I'm a huge fan of your books. Your a real inspiration. Thanks!
\"@hellocory: Oh my god the twitter fight between @dannyzuck and \"  There is no fight with @DannyZuker, he is a nobody!
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the \"rebels\" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!
\"@Tommyguns11:  Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?\"  Stay out!
\"@DavisCPAGroup:  playing pine hill for pops day.\"  Enjoy it!
@LeoDiCaprio   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
\"@TinkerP91:  can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
\"@littlechutemike:  your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you\"  Very nice
\"@andrewtavani: .@billclinton ; @GovChristie 1st met at wedding of , when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin.\"  TRUE
“Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford
@quicksorter Have a good time, enjoy this great city.
@Eurphrosye  Great!
@AdeleBrumley  Thanks!
\"Work often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory, and they should never surprise you.\" - Think Like a Champion
For an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants, as well as other show details, go to wanFsBN6vi
My @piersmorgan interview on Snowden the traitor, national security and China hacking us lNzWBUUvQl
@DuchessofDallas  Thanks Anna.
.@GiulianaRancic ; @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!
Watch Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas. Iq2XCJkeyN
Father’s Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available @Macys mahENjAx8f
.@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement…
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY. qSECceMTKz
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
It’s Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
\"@Jdawgnuts:  if you really thought you could have won, you would have ran.\"  Very bad grammar (run).
\"@EBlakeSpencer: What a great day @TrumpGolfLA w/ @ChrisUhrig. Can't wait to go back . #highlyrecommended. THANKS.
\"@courtneyymorgan: Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that  is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
\"@ilory: Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor . Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!!\" Happy birthday!
\"@AZDaniel27: . \"The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you\" - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)\"
\"@GysellAlmonte: I was checking upon  bio, and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!
\"@HappiiKarii:  why didn't you run for this term?\"  I should have, I would have won!
\"@Matthew_Pascale: \"You have to think anyway, so why not think big?\"  - Great quote from an experienced leader.\"
@Teerellz_95   You have no chance!
\"@LanaH11:  I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?\"
\"@Leigh26Heather:  WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!\"  A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump.
@Sir_KLZA  Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
\"@psmith819: @DannyZuker  so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does.\"  Danny is easy!
@wfdelong   Now tell the truth.
\"@MikeVega4: I have to say I fave no idea who @DannyZuker is but I know  is and he has great hotels #whoiszucker\"  TRUE.
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
\"@juliar1206:  I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept ; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
\"@JustMeNoahB:  Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office\"
@WhiskeySam99  .Sam, you are so pathetic!
\"@AleksyDaSexy:  I'd vote for you for president\"  Thank you.
\"@spuffer316: @IvankaTrump you have an amazing father  @rbeezybess\"  Thank you Stu, and Ivanka is a great daughter!
\"@Tigergal62: Not very presidential: : .@DannyZuker Danny--You're a total loser!\"  Perhaps, but 100% true!
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
\"@paynetb: I'm voting for ! Calls it like it is! #trump2016\"  Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.
\"@kevcur8:  @WashTimes @EmilyMiller If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
\"@kevcur8:  ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.\"
\"@Rich9ie8:  we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong\"   Thanks for the nice words!
\"@bingo1bingo2:  @dannyzuker wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016\"
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
\"@TONE_L0C:  is better than @dannyzuker in a lot of ways, plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker\"
\"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.\" - General Douglas MacArthur
\"@Who_MikeJones6:  #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser\"
\"@MayaAlusik:  @DannyZuker Danny who?
\"@BahuksanaMPH:  agreed, he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016\"
\"@lolita_nyc:  luv you\"  That's great!
\"@ArberDoci: @DannyZuker I think you try and make fun of  because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his.\"
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
@scottymcd1980 Have fun and thanks.
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
.@DannyZuker You’re starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldn’t take my bet but it’s (cont) U61ppIDkPg
If @VattenfallGroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont) 1kEFq9Kgmb
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
@scottymcd1980   A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles.   \nGcmv8Tpihp
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
\"@_KatherineWebb: Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!\"  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
\"@WilsonLeeFlores:  @Chris_McNall is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course?\" It is the World's best golf course!
@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria.
\"@Yra007Unaj:  I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are\"   Thanks and work hard and smart!
\"@Chris_McNall:  congratulations on building the \"world's best golf course\". Scotland makes us jealous!\"  Thanks Chris.
\"@Friend_Bus: @wgonet  ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs\"  Thank you!
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!
\"@ldn1017: @_KatherineWebb  how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA????\" Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
Amazing… @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides
@jhayman2  Thank you.
@RoborBobor Thank you.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, ; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
\"Always pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple, but it works.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
Via @WashTimes by @EmilyMiller: \"Donald Trump says ‘This country is going to hell in a handbasket’\" JBEfvwGmYD
Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player ; person!
.@TrumpGolfLA, has panoramic Pacific Ocean views, features a 7,242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye \nGcmv8Tpihp
Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam.
Great going to Bob Kraft ; Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!
@missally52 @Macys  Thanks and great job!
@Tedieballgame @Macys Me too, thanks!
\"@AZDaniel27: . \"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him\" D Brinkley
\"@Riddzey32: @BarackObama 2-Day is #CoachLombardi 100th B-Day! Research him ; learn how to be a #TrueLeader \"  Great coach!
\"@MagamboArt: ＲＴ~☞. Our prayers are with you, Be well soon ! God bless you Nelson Mandela #Mandela G3Tda1mD9F\"
@Rosemarrisa   She will run!
\"@tabloidhack: 2016 platform? China must be stopped from treating the U.S. like a chump, says . FTqgBwpTDG\"
\"@GSGOV: @Lord_Sugar sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Ask  for a job?\"
\"@Dardonyc16:  @DonaldJTrumpJr Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
\"@joooooojaah: I am team  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3\"   Thanks Georgia!
.@DonaldJTrumpJr and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland- cigLKiMoMV
@JBradleyDesign1 @CNNMoney @jtotoole Thank you!
@nicla_b Thank you.
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
Shirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!
Somerset County, New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people! vbhnNma66A
@kevindrako2  Thanks, just really busy!
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
China is openly sailing warships in our waters ; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico XJToExBsJH Ally?
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
.@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data, whistle blower hiding in China ; no bikinis in Miss World pageant OwjdB1pS5F
Via @CNNMoney by @jtotoole: “U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel” btYN9USGyo
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World\" GzzmNzPx2a
@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
\"@YouAreNotDeep: 's my inspiration.\"
\"@BeaumontAnthony: @DonaldJTrumpJr  @IvankaTrump I agree thank Mr trump fantastic golf in the UK you have built\"
Vote for your favorite @MissUSA contestant --- the 2013 #MissUSA Fan Vote at Q3ONewMKKG !
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes  on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
\"@deluxeboss:  @Bobbyukip Your investment in the UK is welcome. Thanks for being you.\"  Thank you!
\"@vinnypac:  I'll have to go to Macy's at tje Bridgewater mall in NJ and shop on this rainy day. Have 7 of ur ties. Luv them
Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
\"Inspiration exists, but it must find you working.\" -- Pablo Picasso
@sanmiguel_23 Thanks.
@tylerhogan1 You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. 6paf5iPAqK
I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief lhUdSYPjLc  Great investigative work by Jim Hoft @gatewaypundit
Remember Trump ties ; shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, tops all male business attire mahENjAx8f
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, @TrumpNewYork  top dining ; amenities 09uBwNKHcf
Via @FoxSportsGolf: \"Trump's protégé earns US Open spot\" j7zTv8BLWZ
Kern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms NFAarkCoxj They also just secured more eagle deaths ; low property values.
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization, lied to the fans ; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
@Judare So true!
@tfore4 Our clubhouse on the North Sea. pt4JrevifH
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman 2LU7ZqdtFc
@Brandon_Grip Thanks Brandon.
@shelleysherwin  Wish your mother a happy birthday.
@glenda_goff Thank you!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523  Thank you.
@Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago  Thanks, very proud of it.
@Cgroll33 Totally!
\"@mrbocce:  This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!  Boston.must be very happy!
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
\"@FunkynFortunate:  ...but we're paying Lois Lerner.\"  Very cute!
\"@elamenwalker:  seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!\"  Thank you, a great audience.
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
\"@NCartagena27:  I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.\"
\"@Strange_Drugs:  when you die in 4 or 5 years, the world will be a better place.\"  I know, I will make it that way!
\"@an2nym:  Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen.\"
@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
\"@dblsolo700: @zed_crtr  ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5\"  Yea, ask me about the muggers!
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
\"@gohermie:  @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch.\"
@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, ; Michael Douglas.
Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte ; Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
Whitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
“TRUMP: IMMIGRATION BILL A REPUBLICAN 'DEATH WISH'” BuAooKSHjl via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1
Via @ TheScotsman: “Donald Trump to lay out new golf course plan” dq1i7UuWwV
Via @Newsmax_Media by Courtney Coren: \"Trump: China Gets Iraq Oil; US Gets Nothing\" 0xxSwuNaZq
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf
@ArthurDeMeyer Happy Birthday!
\"@RonWEmma:  played trump national Philadelphia yesterday. Great track. Challenging but fair. Keep up the awesome work!!\"
\"@TristenHeath:  what's the secret to all your success?\"  Always need good and sound concepts and ideas-THEN, NEVER GIVE UP!
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
\"@not_that_actor:  Don't be a chump. Win with TRUMP!\"
\"@jakecbaum: @TrumpChicago  I will definitely be there again soon! Save me a nice table with a lovely east view! :D\"
\"@SirBraden:  would be the greatest president of all time\"
\"@KathyTh38140700:  @Nicole52008 I also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!\"
\"@smccauley1972:  played National Bedminster today. Not sure what to say beside \"spectacular course and even better service\"
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
@JohnSim96499126   Thank you John!
\"@MandyGomez01:  Hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. Thanks.\"
@ericfranson  That is true.
@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
@charleyUfarley You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!
\"@Nicole52008:  is the man! He shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheAMERICANdream\"
\"@Sorrowmachine:  @murphy756 Didn't he just loose to Michelle Bachmann?\" .Never lost to Michelle - dummy, are you crazy!
@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you.
\"@murphy756:  I patiently await for Mr. Trump to throw the towel in the ring ! He will never be beaten by anyone !\"
@ThomasVanhoutte Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
@D4Dufour Thank you, very nice.
@theronnivp Thank you!
@GenevieveByrne @TrumpPanama Thanks, great building!
@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
FLASHBACK: Donald Trump Answers Boy's Prayer for New Bike dGtrcHr5WO via @FoxNewsInsider
.@BreitbartNews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty 4eIxT7O0zf
\"The Chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-Saddam oil boom in Iraq\" 9b4Fbu7GDy
Pres. Obama is meeting with China’s Pres. this week EVgjZXfHKD He will get zero deliverables. China laughs at us.
70 stories above Panama Bay, @TrumpPanama the majestic sail design is Central America’s architectural icon jXPKC2ClgC
\"Business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. Keep it short, fast and direct.\" - Think Like a Champion
“Never Ignore Donald Trump” y7QMUDHWMm by Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec
Via @NRO: \"Donald Trump Eyes 2016\" by @woodruffbets v3G1dqq17J
@TalentedPaul  Thanks Paul.
@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best ; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
\"@ezt91:  has Aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumped\"  No.
\"@cough93: .  when are one of your courses going to host a major? That's what often makes them \"great.\"\"  2017.
\"@ShaPaliath: Spent some time at Trump Hollywood this weekend. Absolutely stunning ; the staff were awesome Mr. \"  Thanks
\"@_jacksmith96:  played your course today in Aberdeen!! amazing, best course I've ever seen.\"  Thanks.
\"@ChadSheridan: Congrats to  for being voted 'Best Twitter Account to follow\" by The Open Mick Podcast. #YouveMadeIt\"
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
\"@Jkoch19Koch:  Trump Chicago is the best hotel in the world. Sitting in Rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou\"
\"@violets69:  do you remember my grandfather Hon. Frank J. Blangiardo? t60kLFjYNt\"  Great guy.
\"@ShaunSettle: \"@persdevquotes: If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. ~ Donald Trump\" #lovethedonald \"
\"@general_lauri:  The Donald is the only reason I tweet!\"  Thanks lauri!
@ArronJ1  Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!
Just got a great new selection of ties ; shirts @Macys.  Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful!
Ms. Goldberg ; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially over…
@Fan_JCena Good luck!
@alecmillionaire The architectural boat tour is great.
“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself.\" – The Art of the Deal
\"@davenanni: Loving the Trump in LV. Service is great, best room for the money!(500sq/ft, great bath and shower, tons of closet space).
\"@TeamSowards: Just had lunch at the Trump Towers! Classy taste Mr. Trump! Even my son thought it was awesome!
\"@MartyCPA: @gregshoes69  10% of the people pay 90% of this countries tax. What wealthy tax breaks.\"
\"@bahia6085:  Maybe Shulman is having an affair with someone in the White House. He looks a little gay.\"
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
@HeatherChilders   Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
\"@Itskailiebro:  is my role model, he's always right.\"  No, just most of the time!
\"@marclaurito: “: Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!”
\"@scottallenmeyer:  DRILL BABY DRILL. North Dakota's economy is booming.\"
@4geiger Hi Sara--have a great time!
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt.
“I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, ; tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – Think Big
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project.
One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
Little Mac Miller’s next album may bomb.  He can’t use my name again for sales.
.@TrumpCollection’s @DoralResort renovations are  revitalizing Miami. The new course will be a great challenge C2R5eiLsoZ
“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny.\" - @marklevinshow
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military ; R;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump: Americans 'Desperate for Leadership'\" eW8mdKzDiz
My @TeamCavuto interview re: 2016, the need for leadership in our country, Syria ; China hacking our military QXBuM8hR9n
@ChristianVaux True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!
@thejbrain Thank you!
@1BrianPadilla @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Dying magazine.
@Wicz_2003 Thanks.
@cbmcq Thank you.
Surprising a future Nobel prize winner on today’s @KatieShow:  7cN2yzp8mN
\"@golanflamm:  A Massive fan from Australia. How can I buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeeling\"  Thanks, at Macy's-Trump Tower.
@cronin_michelle Thanks!
\"@PaulinaBours:  Saludos desde Mexico! I really do admire you\"  Thank you!
\"@SchmidtTona:  #Apprentice I can't wait either. LOve the show!\"  Thanks.
\"@StockMarket100:  correct me if I'm wrong but didnt you give @LilJon charity 20k?\"  Yes, 20k plus 100k for great cause!
\"@badgirlofrockxx:  Why arn't u in politics Donald..?\"  I am!
\"@BeccaPiano:  You look so FORCEFUL on you're book cover! That's what we, America's women, admire about you.
\"@jonathanarenas8: Mr  ignores Latinos can not be the # 1\" Love Latinos, just look at Trump National Doral in Miami.
\"@GuyEndoreKaiser:  You are a true American, not like some of these others. Love your Macy's ties!!! Love your books!\"thanks
@Mitchell_Traver Thanks.
\"@JakePalmer412:  I look up to you Mr Trump. I wsnt to be like you when I grow up. Can I get a reply?\"
@mallorybeck17   Thanks Mallory!
@_Warrendya_    Which one?
\"@mishuboo:  I love you Mr Trump\"  Thanks Samantha.
\"@metaltyger98: “: Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. nlxIXoepKZ” Way to go Mr.Trump!\" Great beauty-person!
\"@CodyAlliecats:  hey Donald huge fan, can't wait for another season of the apprentice\"  Thanks.
\"@JanHaight:  might be a lil late, but much respect to you for giving @LilJon 100G for his charity\" He's.great, thanks!
\"@samahDanash: My friend during the trip  SFnJvF9rhK\"  Hope you liked it!
\"@NiyaFiya:  I love your honesty! #YourNotFired lol\"  Thank you.
\"@MissMakeupMogul: I love me some  except when he's going against our president.. but business wise.I Admire him\"Understand!
\"@warrencasselljr: You're exactly what America needs Mr. Trump  nWYqIvdOfT\"  Thanks!
\"@charmed112586:  i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school\" Great school
@sarah_e_smith9  Thanks.
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
@yati_isma @tonyfernandes Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.
@murraybrown10  Thanks.
@Katdhairstudio Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
@raffie100  I'll bet you had a great son.
@amandaphantm No.
@NYCTiggy Hi Joanna.
@pastorshanewest  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi ; IRS. No excuses!
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists DCgP83Oxas Syria is NOT our problem.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
@francaselles @KatieShow @katiecouric  Very cool, thank you.
@JATBWIFEE Thank you.
@volkermillion Pretty much!
@GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  Enjoy!
@chrisinspfld @KatieShow @katiecouric Thanks Chris!
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, @TrumpChicago soars 92 levels over the Chicago River O6iLCR7AUy
.@robbreport Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor, great magazine—thanks!  fcgyn2yH54
@onedaddy26 Yes.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of @KatieShow with @KatieCouric: 7cN2yzp8mN
\"@fossilfiend7:  @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!\"
\"@New0rleans_Lady: I pray he does well,; the 10 yr old girl on the list, gets law changd ; gets her new lung as well.
@jakewittman   Happy birthday!
\"@AndyShinberger:  people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you, they hate themselves!
\"@LungQuest: @fundanything  A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope\"
\"@ForHomeSales:  been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.\"  Great!
\"@BethAndersonEsq: I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous ! How do you do it all?\"   I often ask myself that same Q!
\"@Matt_Cad:  Why do so many people despise you?\"  Because I am so handsome!
\"@tftamt:  your an awesome roll model. Can you please tweet me back? Thanks\"
@lisakaminsky   Yes.
\"@sufferlonger: @DavidFulop:  -- Work hard and love what you do!\" -- I left corporate, became a fireman at 37.  GREAT!
\"@_BOSS_TALK_:  D79nkpA1tK\"  Read this garbage by @vanityfair ; you'll see why sales WAY down-lost its way-sad!
@BollingsBalls   But I know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!
@ClassicEd   That's what I hear.
\"@DavidFulop:  what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40?\" Work hard and love what you do!
“Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big
@bomoca Thanks, people love them (@Macys).
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
RT @fundanything In case you missed it, check out @washingtonpost story about  ; @fundanything 2lvC2xuEON
@MANDCNorthEast Yes you can for country's good.
@Austile147 U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.
Inflation is here.  Record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets NoJ0mgCS2L   Bad for family grills.
@TheRC3  Thanks.
@MatthewLumby @VattenfallGroup No, the project sucks!
@tdragonfly Fight hard, they are horrible!
@smickiwench @MELANIATRUMP No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.
@BeccaPiano Thanks.
Via @nypost’s @PageSix: “Trump researching 2016 run” x4sqxEcduo
@TomPuiseux  Yes!
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNews’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
John Menard of Menards home improvement stores in Midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union?  ETm9mxCash
Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?
Additionally, two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation ; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
.@VattenfallGroup, lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped out—project not economically viable--; protestors hate it.
\"@msaid10:  did you help?\"  YES!
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
\"@Smerwickman:  Iraq was a mistake but how was Obama responsible?  He should have and could have gotten out much sooner!
\"@Iamgrizzly1974:  Furthermore, as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.Must stop
\"@Ghetto_Trophy:  how are you a billionaire?\"  You mean ten times over hater (loser).
\"@eliiizabethhhhh:  run for president in 2016 so I can vote for you! You would have this country fixed in a month!
\"@infinitys_edge:  I'm in the Billion Dollar coalfields and thanks to Obama I can't even leave the house I'm so broke.
\"@THE_OBM:  I stay up to watch your great Apprentice show - miles ahead of Sugar's version. No comparison!\"
\"@GangsterDannyG1:  What was Bush and Obama's biggest mistake.\"  The lives and $1.5 trillion spent on Iraq-which is failing.
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
\"@Joe10Kendrew:  sort out so that The Apprentice USA is on BBC again, so much better than Alan Sugar!
\"@msinger456:  congrats on winning in Chicago! People think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. Thanks.
\"@natestott:  how come you don't like Alan sugar Donald?  Because he's a lowlife, but he makes me money!
\"@MichaelJHill:  @IvankaTrump we are looking forward to the renaissance ; transformation of the Old Post Office in DC\" GREAT
\"@Wasted_Talent19:  congrats on winning the lawsuit in Chicago\"   Thanks
\"@GilCharles:  can I get a RT for @PetsAliveWest in NY. Saving lots of animals.\"
\"@josephkuye:  I genuinely believe that the American apprentice is better than the UK one...  Very true!
\"@sweetbaboo1968:  Thank you for all you do!!!\" Thank you!
\"@KodyCoats:  Mr. Trump, what do you believe could truly save this country?\"  Great leadership!
\"@aliyuaminuahmed:  @Bobbysoo80 Donal J. Trump is a good Presidential candidate - he has answers. Thanks, very nice!
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Travianno   Thanks!
\"@LMowle:  pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer ; we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk.
\"@Bobbysoo80:  as if you would ever be president!! Some of your followers are pure RETARDS! Don't underestimate their genius
\"@Mattia_Crovini:  what do you think about italy?  I don't think about Italy!
\"@California_Bloo: @NewsCorpse  &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; This is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. MUCH WORSE!
\"@UStechie:  What are you doing with Old Post Office in Washingtondc and when?  We are going to build the finest hotel in C!
\"@c4662:  a plus for run at the presidency: can work w/unions. The American Spirit is down and out. Change is needed.\"
\"@VineCulture: RT : .@WineEnthusiast awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine V.
\"@alpugh1:  Donald sir, played your course on Friday and let me tell you this, it was spectacular. Good work!  Thanks!
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called \"scientists\" that we want global warming right now!
\"@Cokokkola:  has a much higher IQ than idiot Lord Sugar- that's why he has much more money!\"  True on both fronts!
\"@ONTHEVIRG66:  your the greatest inspiration. Keep up the great work and thank you for all you do.\"   Thank you Virgil!
\"@MJJustus1:  Thank you for the times you invited vets to Maralago. You didn't have to do that, so thanks. It was my honor!
\"@TheRC3:  Looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. Keep exposing the fools! #TrumpUSA\"
\"@coolz36:  you would make this country great again if you ran for president\" No, only if I WON-then it would be great again
\"@arnoldziffle2:  I say trump for president, can I get a Hell Yes, USA would be the greatest nation on the planet \" AGAIIN \"
\"@ResatDorsia16:  if you run for president I will vote for the first time ever, I would finally believe in someone\"
\"@KamsUnited:  4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. I wish it was you.\"
\"@kerim322:  @msaid10 suddenly I was just motivated with Donald Trump, without any reason.
\"@FabianRoss_:  You think america will be great again?\" Only with great and proper leadership-otherwise, disaster.
\"@STshizzle: I sure wished @AC360 would do a live tweet for tweet special on @DannyZuker and . They would get better ratings
\"@msaid10:  you're a role model to millions, we love you Mr. Trump\"  Thanks Mohamed.
\"@chrisinspfld:  If you would run for President, you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they'd've voted4U
\"@sonaderi:  You are the sum of everything I despise.\"  Who cares!
\"@swanky_HEC: \": Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\"Make d move\"
\"@OldManConroy: It's called \"climate change\". No, they changed it to \"climate change\" when \"global warming\" wasn't working anymore-too cold!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
\"@DannyZuker: OK gotta go. You're not \"going\" anywhere Danny, you're being beaten so badly that you can't take it anymore-enjoy your chair!
\"@djbtv: I hope you folks are following @DannyZuker this weekend as he dismantles . Friend of Danny sorry, he died!
\"@thatBrody:  The @SternShow would never have @DannyZuker on. A.) Not funny enough. B.) Not famous enough. C) Hates losers.
\"@Cristaly:  you're the worst person\"  Thank you!
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's freezing outside, where the hell is \"global warming\"??
\"@thatBrody:  @billyharry1 @HowardStern @DannyZuker Donald will always be one of Howard's greatest guests.  So true!
\"@FashionistaBtch: Give it up haters  has @MelaniaTrump #TheEnd #Perfection 💗\"
\"@billyharry1:  they do the same with @HowardStern. @DannyZuker can't carry Howard's jock!
\"@teresaisthebest: @itsjenwbitches  I love you. You are HILARIOUS.  But what about @DannyZuker, he gets paid to be funny?
\"@itsjenwbitches: People can hate on  all they want, but in reality he's flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet
\"@MikeMcCabeSad:  @DannyZuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost\"  True, Danny is a known loser!
\"@MooseJawnski:  bring Cash, Jobs, and Hope back to America and run for president!!\"  Not much hope in our Country right now
\"@juicetucker:  Give them hell Don! They're just jealous!\"  Stupid is an even better word.
\"@PDGreenwood:  You are kicking ass, Donald! That Dany Zilker (some no namer) is a PUNK!  He's nothing, no guts!
\"@Canvasguru: Lol! RT @martintagg: . You've been popular with ladies for a while. What's your secret handsome?\"  My hair!
\"@JIMHENDLEY81:  Hey Donald I always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. Can't live without me!
\"@0unicornchris0:  please please run for president\"  Well, it ain't working with Obama!
\"@SatyrOnline:  Let me ask you something: Do you think Henry Ford or Steve Jobs got into Twitter pissing matches. Would have
\"@RealSonnyNewman:  wins @DannyZuker is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. Mr. Trump, you are a role model.
@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
\"@paulysouffle: I have to admit  motivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leader\"  That's great, go get 'em!
\"@pennjillette: @Ctwilki  Well, thanks so much.\"  Penn, it was great having you, terrific job!
\"@JeffBirotweets: Thoroughly enjoyed watching  and @DannyZuker twitter fight. At least Danny has the better hair. He's bald!
\"@starsign911:  you tell em Donny!! What pussies!!
\"@CaptainApathyUK: Enjoying reading @DannyZuker knocking the shit out of . Sorry hater, he's getting his ass kicked!
\"@nandini_godara:  real name, real DP, real location. bring it.\"  But nobody cares about you, not even your family!
\"@sirenasola:  The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words \"You're fired!\"?\"  He will be using them often ; soon!
\"@raybongz: RT : It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. Say it again!
\"@leahanddean:  @kosstar @DannyZuker Mr Trump for president\"  Thanks D.
\"@MaxVayner: (?) Do you have the guts to debate Jon Stewart?\"  He would never do it, he couldn't use his writers.
\"@koneslager:  during your inaugural address tell Obama \"You're Fired!\"  Stranger things have happened!
@allidoisowen   Thanks!
\"@Chixbeach:  @Matteo5anchez Mr Trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? You're SO much better then any of them!\" FUN!
\"@DannyZuker: . I'll never respond to your asinine bet. You're gutless Danny, and you don't even know what the bet is-loser!
\"@RustinNiles:  i hear ya Mr. Trump, but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face, a pointless endeavor.\"
@bvogel56   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!
\"@TorresTerrell:  whoa.....what are they so mad about? #KeepCalm\"  Don't worry, it's just the same old losers and haters!
\"@CrimmsNchin:  Donald doesn't take shit from anyone, run for president already #america\"  Interesting!
\"@DominicFormaro:  it's hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. I bet it feels good to laugh at them.
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but \"I'll be baaaaack\"!
\"@DannyZuker: @AndyRichter I have to be honest. I think I'm starting not to like the guy.\" Actually Danny, you would like me very much!
@RustinNiles Just killing time!
\"@Matteo5anchez:  shut up u stuck up cock! Hope u lose ur cash and get run over\"  Too smart to lose the cash-run over, maybe
\"@J_beans51:  who is @DannyZuker ?\"  Actually, a nobody!
\"@Generalzod4109:  : Bill Mahr beat you clown!  Wrong, Bill (whose last name you spelled wrong) doesn't know he's alive!
\"@GavinCoffin: \" CA is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful Modern Family on ABC @DannyZuk
Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not \"chicken shit\"
If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny, make the bet!
@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
\"@pennjillette: @LeMrMike Yes, I loved loved loved doing  show. I loved it all, every minute. I'd do it again.
\"@sirenasola:  The pres needs some help...can you teach him the words \"You're fired!\"?\"
@TheRealKurse Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!
\"@kosstar: @DannyZuker  Did we ever get to the details of the \"deal\"?  No, Danny doesn't have the guts to play the game.
@pusspuss09   Thanks, Country is in trouble.
\"@biglakeshow:  @germany28364 I'm all for #Donald trump\"   Thanks, he is easy!
\"@erinamunson:  Sir, we need an efficient government and I'm sure as a businessman, you're great at it .\"  True!
\"@kevinsmoore:  says exactly what he thinks. Lol This is one of the reasons I follow this man! He's the best!\"  Thanks K.
\"@jefferies_:  Watching the finale. Can't wait for the next season. #TrumpRules\"Thanks and enjoy.
@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
\"@germany28364:  You are awesome! Run for president.  Well, we sure do need someone to lead - Washington is a MESS!
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!
@dannyzuker I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real \"boss\" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
@DannyZuker Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals).
@DannyZuker Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!
@DannyZuker Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far \"bigger\" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!
@DannyZuker, are you ready for the deal?
\"@DannyZuker:  @dannyzucker It's @dannyzuker.\"  As I said, I've never heard of you before!
@gingram66 Wrong!
@DannyZucker, are you ready for the deal?
@LukewSavage  And dumb people like @DannyZucker.
I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
\"@twitt_be_cray:  go fuck yourself you dumb fuck\" When was the last time you had a date-such terrible language (; picture).
\"@aaronrupe33:  no ones scared of you donald\"  You are very wrong!
\"@danrpriest:  Just out of curiosity, what makes you care so much about what they think?\"  I study cowards and stupid people
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
\"@BarrieLouise: Lol. What is going on @ForQ2 ? Why is  threatening you?\"  He's afraid to use his real name-too costly!
@julesmattsson   Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
@TheJuice59101   I do, thanks.
\"@MaasMaasWhatup: Nobody does the Twitter thing quite like . That man engages his critics like nobody I've seen before.  T.
@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
\"@A11_Seeing_Eye:  @DAM615 Does an IQ of 60 count as being smart?\" No, sadly you are very dumb-but probably born that way.
\"@M_A_F:  Thank you for all you do for the #troops! May God bless all of our #Veterans this Memorial Day!\" Thanks.
\"@brandongersh:  Why did you go to Wharton did you not get into Harvard?  Wharton is better for business than Harvard!
@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job.
\"@CapitalCashCo:  @jojo81466 Please Make it happen, Let us Help You Win!\"  Thanks!
\"@DAM615:  yes you're a republican and smart. Now that's what we need to run this country!\" We sure need better than current
@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey.
@JimmyDeVito  Thanks Jimmy.
\"@CongressGent:  is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. It is impossible to think otherwise.\"  Very nice, thanks!
\"@jojo81466:  born on flag day?? See you were meant to be president!!\"  I guess that's.right!
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
\"@EAWIII:  It will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!\"Great weekend!
\"People do business with those people they like and trust.\" - Ralph J. Roberts, Founder of Comcast
Via @Suntimes: \"Trump wins at trial, calls woman suing him 'horrible human being'\" \nPFFu09TqJu
@BuseyFoundation @THEGaryBusey Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well.
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
\"If I'd started in business thinking I knew everything, I'd have been sunk before I got started.\" - Think Like a Champion
Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Must read article by @EmilyMiller: “Anthony Weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt” EQ9L0PLM2Y
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
WH counsel met with IRS lawyer 3x in 2012, once in September ZPg14zTjv5 But Obama just learned through news reports?
@TishaLewis Thanks.
@resplatt123 Thanks.
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurants
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
@Triggerracing  That sounds great--a bad woman.
@RossWeidner Thank you! (I think)
@BenBradleyABC7  True!
\"@Sennandy:  what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. Thank you!
@SusieBeatrice1 @leeboggs True, they are being decimated.
@richardroeper Yes, you can't allow people to scam you ; rip you off.
@ArkieLad In addition to ripping me off.
@paul1994loan Thanks.
@VanityFair Read this ; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
@dietztrott Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.
@jgy777ph Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people.
\"@PattyOchs:  why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you?  They are sick and mentally weak!
\"@RandyRolph:  Shelly Kulwin says your a lyin' dog Mr. Trump.\" Shelly Kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today(fool)
\"@Johns81366:  Mr. Trump, Even though I'm not a Republican, I wrote your name on my ballot during the election.\" A wise move
\"@Truthisthat1: @ForQ2 @Arseburgers  You are powerless online, and powerless in real life\" Why do you follow.me moron!
\"@ForQ2:  she trusted you, her mistake, you beat her out of her 500K, She was mean and trusted no-one. You're easy to beat!
\"@warrencasselljr:  I agree! She tried to ruin the good old Trump brand! You can not let her get away with it.\"  TRUE!
\"@PoemTrees: Counter sue for your loss of time if you want, but it might be easier to let it go~ Glad you won.. And had justice~
\"@sonnset: @ForQ2  She should sue her attorneys They knew she wasn't going to win with a binding contract.
\"@darjar14:  Congrats Mr. Trump. Frivolous lawsuits are a BIG problem in this country and issue should be addressed\"
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
The so called 87 year old \"lady\" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
\"@Chris_McNall:  Congratulations on win in Chicago today.  Thank you, this woman played the age card and made up a story.
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
Take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market- MO4QxGV07X
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews ; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
@Kenkelly08Kelly  Thanks, I had a great time.
@RealSonnyNewman  Pay attention and have fun.
@Pourquoipas20 Happy Birthday!
\"@MrWalrusQ: @moronwatch Here ya go. \"@gshuba:  Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon.
\"@A380Jet:  Anthony Wiener couldn't pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be Mayor???\"
\"@leeboggs:  Turbines in US have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities.\"
\"@baker772:  What a great hotel!! I have stayed there twice, love it more and more every time.\"
\"@JCaavs:  as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016, I'd LOVE to make u my 1st vote. Run for president!\"  So cute and nice.
\"@asaadhutchinson:  how do you deal with haters?\"  Laugh at them!
\"@gshuba:  Windmills not worth the trouble. Worse for the planet than oil, carbon, et al.\"  True!
\"@libbygaj:  PLEASE run for president in 2016 I will vote for you hands down\"  Our Country needs help, and fast!
\"@MC21701:  @jeff_lip is it true that it was your idea for Steve to name his company Wynn, or is that urban legend?\"I helped
\"@Sanfangas:  apparently you think you're funnier as well.@RealCoachHodge\"  Actually I do, and I don't have writers!
\"@YouAreNotDeep:  Thanks, Professor Trump.\"  Dr John Trump, uncle, for many years at M.I.T. -good genes, I get it!
@SunnyJL52  True
\"@mattcyr2312:  @Gurning_Chimp @bluejoni Wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment.\"
\"@RealCoachHodge:  has a much higher IQ than idiot John Stewart\"   That's true, and by a lot.
\"@jeff_lip:  what's your beef with Stevie Wynn?\" I have none, he is a friend of mine!
\"@Gurning_Chimp:  @bluejoni No, YOU hate wind power as YOU think it'll mess with YOUR golf course.\" That's true also!
\"@Freesprite2:  @bluejoni like your golf course, which they fought tooth and nail!   And it's setting records, thanks!
\"@chrisinspfld:  Your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more.\" Thanks Chris:-)
\"@bluejoni:  The Scots LOVE their wind power.  No, they hate that it is ruining their land (which it is).
\"@dmacduff11:  What do you think of Mac Miller?\" Went platinum with Donald Trump song, 80 million hits, without my approval!
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
@DJLoopsFruit  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
@tubby511   They are dummies!
\"@DonaldRumsfeld9:  @VanityFair @CondeNastCorp i hate those non food restaurants!\"Graydon's food sucks, worst in town!
\"@AboubacarMande:  courage big boss\"  Always!
@markwonderful   Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!
@RassilonsArmy Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time.
\"@thegypsysons:  AWESOME DONALD, YOU RULE!\"  Thanks, I loved being in Michigan!
\"@mikepassmore: Big mistake! Wrong decision by @Lord_Sugar in #theapprentice - you need to take advice from .
@mikepassmore   So true Mike.
\"@KrissySummers88:  @TheOaklandPress Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
\"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.\" - Golda Meir
@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn.
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
Via @advisorsource: \"Donald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history\"GSzXcz2hqz
Via @TheOaklandPress \"Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd\" Bqf91zaEgh
\"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong\" - Think Big
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
I can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks Tanja
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
Shock - Obama WH given three pinocchios for lying about Benghazi emails bNWKXqP4Zk
@JillToma  Hi Amy, see you soon.
@Van_in_DC @DannyZuker  Thanks Van--so true.
@christinefox02  See you later.
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Dennis--you were great--thanks!
\"@KingBowzer:  you're a huge douche for picking Penn. I hope you Retweet this.\"   I picked Trace, not Penn - are you drugged
\"@BoydDee:  Thank you for hosting CelebApp to raise $$ for Charities like @RedCross working in OK now. Kudos 2 @TraceAdkins
\"@lildarling928:  @traceadkins @apprenticenbc such great things have come from this show-see it working in OKC #redcross\"
\"@JessicaCarwile:  @traceadkins. We are so grateful for the Red Cross in OK today!! Thank you to Trace and to Mr. Trump!
\"@BettyBlopper1: The standing O that LilJon received when  gave his charity $100k was so moving. Love celebrity apprentice!\"
Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
Excited to speak at tomorrow night's @ocrp Lincoln Day dinner in Michigan  “All time sales record, over 2000.”  y5Cz946Ovb
@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.
@CassandraJ0y @LilJon  Thank you.
We may get out of ObamaCare because the train wreck is impossible to implement 7l2utHI3JC  It is a disaster.
Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbart’s legacy.
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory- diGHsEk1Lo
@dave_twit29  Thanks Dave.
@cous13  Thanks.
@Y0landaRiggins  Thanks.
@denicarter  Very nice Denise, thank you.
@Holly_Looya @divermam Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!
@LilJon @AmDiabetesAssn  It was my honor, you're a great guy ; your mother would be very proud of you.
.@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr ; I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
@Itsyknowsbest Thanks!
@beverly_buck  Great, enjoy the hotel.
\"@divermam:  I just saw the finale. Your act of kindness was total class. I've been a fan but I now love you Mr. Trump.
\"@13crazyjwd:  still in awe of what u did for lil Jon !!! Best night of good TV in years!!! God bless\"
\"@JohnMKelly1:  Congratulations on a great show ; season! It is wonderful how much money was raised for Charities.
\"@LIgal629:  @mr_al_131 was a great show best yet congrats\"
\"@PCornibe:  You are a genuine compassionate man. Loved the show last night.\" Thanks Peggy.
\"@PSThaler:  dont agree with your politics, but respect your heart. Great gift to Lil John. Well done, sir.\" I undetstand, T
\"@mr_al_131: Was glued to@ApprenticeNBC all season one of my favourites  Great ending Amazing show! Thx Sir.\"  Thank you.
\"@borich1970:  Congrats on raising $13 million total for charity. Best Live Finale ever!! Looking forward to next season.
\"@zp_3:  your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@GregVineyard1:  wonderful gesture to lil Jon, best celeb apprentice yet! Thanks for a great show Mr. Trump!\"  Thanks
\"@MsSamanatha:  Sir you just made me cry when you gave @LilJon that 100,000 that is why U ROCK! Thanks, the show was fun!
\"@LovatoMJ: Not gonna lie, teared up a little when  gave 100k to @LilJon for his charity.\"
\"@RenelianNation:  best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to Lil' John's charity.
\"@lisaloren11: @ApprenticeNBC  Amazing show! Much laughter and tears of joy! Thank you 💙\"
Will be doing Fox ; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
\"@bigicedaddy:  Congratulations Mr. Trump on the best Celebrity Apprentice yet. You did a remarkable job as always. Thsnks
\"@Thatchers_Child: @piersmorgan @TraceAdkins @pennjillette ... And much better than @Lord_Sugar's show!\"  TRUE ; THANKS.
\"@j_cohl: I'm kinda hoping that  and @IvankaTrump become the first father-daughter US President duo in American history CUTE
\"@debbiecraig817:  #BEST SHOW=HARD TOO TOP\"    Thanks
@InaMaziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!
\"@Kingofgames3000:  the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king\" Cute
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
@subirchowdhury   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
\"@Redcoat_Overkil:  But his hair is real!\"  So is mine, asshole!
The cast for next season looks really good!
@RebaForever58   Yes.
\"@bvmike:  something big and different tonight? Are you going to fire Penn and Trace, crown yourself The Apprentice?\"
\"@Carodimo:  Give us an anticipation of it, please.! Veni Vidi Vici.!\"  You must see what happens at the very beginniing 9PM
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
@leebandoni   Thanks Lee!
@Lord_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
\"@danielrsimoes:  Here in Brazil, we set up a group to see the final of the Apprentice live. Hug and more Success for you\"
\"@john_candy_:  shut up he's a lord what are you ?\"  I've always heard that \"titles\" can be easily bought-is this so?
@ToddFouche1    On that I would beat almost everyone!
@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!
@CraigHeff   I don't, he makes me money!
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!
@sarahluvnyc   Thanks.
@Subhana_Anwar   It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!
\"@CassHorowitz:  Im from England, and you're way better then that Alan Sugar...whoever he is\"
\"@Ozziemae:  I love that you speak whatever's on your mind. That is true courage. Living your truth.
\"@sally_lawson:  love the phrase \"the harder I work, the luckier I get\" great book Donald\"
@carlyvowell   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
\"@DSlagle132:  there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team....would there be anyone available?\"
@JedediahBila  Tell your aunt she is terrific!
\"@SirMiestro: S/O TO MY MAN  ....#SALUTE upuONS0Cng\"  Thanks Mike.
@omegaphoenix068  Rather amazing, wasn't it!
\"@piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed. #CNN\"  But you told me I was the smartest (by far)!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-; wet.
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice QRwQCrvMxR
The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
Enviro friendly? \"AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles, birds despite federal laws\" T1oJQf32ZJ
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough ; nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette ; @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
People love @LilJon! J5GdEBMr5n #CelebApprentice
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact, the stoppers have become the abusers.
.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice ; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
@CCV77   Thanks, very nice.
\"@funnsylvania: When is  going to finally get his own talk show? He would absolutely DESTROY the competition!\"  Thanks-time!
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
\"@Dstrick44:  @ricksmi54256322 You did run. And you had your ass handed you. Never ran stupid, but I wish I had-would have W
In other words, our military has a very big problem!
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so \"politically correct\" or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
Many generals and military leaders are now saying \"I told you so!\"  They say this will have big impact on military strength ; national sec.
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
\"@IcyJordan:  do you like LeBron as a player and person? @KingJames\"  LeBron is a great player and a great guy!
\"@jakeklopp24:  what's it like to be Donald Trump?\"  Believe it or not, it ain't easy!
\"@ahatwearer:  why are you suing an old lady?\"  Because she is rich and owes me money - I am not stupid!
\"@ChrisLeahey1:  Do you see President Obama surviving these scandals ?\"  Sadly yes, but he will never be the same!
\"@_Meagann: And  reminds me of my Grandpa -the smartest man I know.\"  Wow, great!
\"@MikeMessina_:  needs to run for President! He would be the best leader!\"  Thanks Mike.
@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
@joeypiazza   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!
\"@ricksmi54256322:  i can't wait til ur president the world will be a better place\" If I ran and won, so true (; thanks)!
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!
\"@rodmonium91:  Is that Zuker character still giving u a hard time? He isn't qualified to shine your shoes!\" ANOTHER DOPE!
@chrishansen   Good to see you also - I will be watching!
\"@MzInvestigator: Great way to almost end the week. Tv night on the deck with my fav simply red TRUMP wine @trumpwinery @EricTrump TRUE!
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew!
.@TrumpGolfLA public golf course features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, an elite attraction MYiwkyfiVU
@DylMyr  Go for it.
@AnubisJudge  Happy Birthday!
“The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
ObamaCare is already done. HHS Sec. Sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation dXOW15igEZ
“It’s always great to be in business with Donald Trump,” said @Telemundo president Emilio Romano. ptRQcWiAFl
\"To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. \" - Think BIG
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!
@Billingsley29  Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck!
@Corte74  It helped!
@BrianSpurr Not too many around!
@tbott22  Very true!
@donna_1004 Perhaps so!
@Janet_Carswell @samflaherty_  Thanks.
@MikeFromTN @mcuban @JeremyPage3011 Thanks Michael.
Obama ; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
@Jared808 @commonguymd @AP True!
@sarah_bales1 True and thanks.
@Roddy_Brown Thanks!
@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
\"@swayneonmain:  and how many people died on Bush and Cheneys watch? Talk about that.\" I was never a fan, lots of mistakes.
\"@birchtrees47:  cause there wouldn't be any scandals if you were in office..  TRUE-and no stupidity!
\"@jsalzinger:  saw some of your testimony today, you ran circles around the prosecutor!\"  Thanks.
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew.
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
\"@Jake_Clegg81:  is the man! @TheApprentice9 is the best show on TV!\"  Thanks!
\"@KiloBunch:  Much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious SOB out there. And I think you're great!\"  Wow!
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
\"@UsmanChodry: I never get y people hate  so much?coz they r not as succesful as him? #trump #theapprentice\"  Thanks M!
\"@nyc_bos:  - when are you going to announce your bid for 2016??\"  Thanks for your nice thoughts-our Country is a mess!
The \"lady\" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated  ; vicious. She made up a story ; plays the \"age card\" - bad!
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
@AndyBarovick   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
\"@byron400: RT @jsavino16  played Trump national in Los Angeles yesterday. What an amazing place. THANKS!
\"@AreL714:  Just went on a Donald J Trump necktie buying spree. Fantastic quality and design.\"  At Macy's and thanks!
\"Success  consists of going from failure to failure without loss of  enthusiasm.\" - \nWinston  Churchill
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of @AP...
“Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!
.@TrumpNationalNY is NY's best golf club. A 5 Star Diamond Award winner w/ an elite golf course ; top facilities XCgycLQa3H
32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
\"@HankDHaney:  it's great to have u in the game of golf, ur courses r all great, first class operations in great condition\"
\"@KarltheMarx: “: I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.”
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.
“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch
My @foxandfriends int. on IRS targeting Tea Party, the Benghazi death scandal ; @TraceAdkins v. @pennjillette finale yJhBraP2Gn
\"@BaronToutenberg:  Donald, would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #REDEYE @RedEyeFNC with @greggutfeld ????\"  Yes.
@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!
@steveprecision1  Have fun #1.
\"@pellman11:  My mother has such a crush on you. She beat breast cancer this past year. Can I request a RT for my hero.Love
\"@DMurkowitz: Best part of my Monday morning commute  on @foxandfriends\"  Thanks David!
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
\"@CRCalderwood1:  What are your thoughts on Sergio?\"  A great guy!
\"@scienceinvestme:  hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?Kuwait Airways 2 spend near $3B on 25 Airbus jets.
@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
\"@JUrciuoli19:  please say it isn't so and Apprentice is not cancelled\"  Thanks and sleep well tonight!
\"@CunninghamNY: .  clearly needs to run for president! Don't think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!\"
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
@RoySchuhmacher   Thanks!
\"@RoySchuhmacher: @samahDanash I own a fitness business all over the the Bay Area on CA. So  has been a HUGE motivator.\"
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
\"@Brock2120: @sethmeyers Your first guest has to be . would be epic!\"   First guest for what?
@PhilipMorrow  That would be great Philip!
\"@MatthewSmales1:  is a great American a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy
\"@chris_l54: @SPORTSGURU77 @tweetontilt  @mcuban If you real Art of the Deal, you'd know that Donald did it all on his own.\"
\"@samahDanash: Think big is the most amazing book I have ever read. \"
\"@samahDanash: Every time I read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. Think big \"
\"@71Kristine:  Thank you for Fund Anything Mr. Trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. With hope\"
\"@TonyChalk1:  is a role model for how to be successful. I've been a fan since \"Art of the Deal\"came out in paperback.\"
@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
@QFiveFarms Thanks and true!
\"@JwalkerKid:  YOU WIN ON TV SHOWS HANDS DOWN YOU ARE A SUCCESSFUL PERSON ...... I LOVE ALL THE SHOWS U HAVE COME UP WITH\"
\"@chris_l54:  @mcuban Hadn't even heard of 'the benefactor' til Donald mentioned it. Big fail.. Donald wins the TV war.\"
\"@leebandoni:  time for you to instruct the BBC to replace him, he has the personality of a tea bag\"
\"@J4K9FLATLEY:  I have turned family and friends into #Apprentice fans. Nothing better\"
\"@WVUChemE:  The real shark tank is the boardroom on @ApprenticeNBC !\"
\"@seanheilweil:  damn you really like getting @mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh?\" He doesn't have the strength!
\"@damiranz:  , i'm a Big Fan But Sometimes You just Need To Shut Up,you Talk Too Much\"  Probably true, but I'm having fun!
@persvanstrom   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
\"@theRealRyanMatt:  i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser?\"  No, just a loser!
@mikeluis93 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!
@Lord_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.
@BrianLynch @DurantRandy  Thanks, no wonder our Country is  in such trouble!
@LennyDopkin   I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!
\"@DurantRandy:  Mr. Trump; some of these losers just don't get it. They need to look at why your on top.\"
@Patti0713   Thanks Patti.
@nieldi   @Lord Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
@MaxVayner  Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
@caaataclysm   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
@MaxVayner Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
\"@doralaquatics:  WooHoo! Have lived in Doral for 14 years and city is excited for Trump upgrades! WELCOME!\" Thanks!
@GuerrillaTycoon  Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).
@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
\"@m_plem:  @lord Do you ever take the high road?\" When I'm dealing with garbage like @Lord Sugar, NO!
\"@jshawknz: The only thing I ever watch on TV is  's All Star Celebrity Apprentice. #truestory\"
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
\"@OCAmericans: I only watch @NBC once a week to watch 's Apprentice.  Great!
Leightweight @Lord Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
“It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.” - Albert Einstein
No investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless Vattenfall pit. They totally gave up tdOdxZW6bE
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance ; planning to grow.
@feksbaby Very nice, thanks!
\"@grtblankenship:  is definitely the best personality I follow on twitter. Inspiration and role model all together!\"
@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!
\"@Jaybags9:  just been walking behind you boss! Liking the golf course and hotel in general! #Miami #Doral\"  Will be great!
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
See my picks at @Fund_Anything at W0MDqPckX4  and giving away money!!! #FundAnything
I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MarthaStewart ; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.
For all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault ; rape in the military, (cont) NCdMZRCvw1
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter Drucker
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
\"@Chris_Nima:  Would you rather have a 3rd Obama term or make out with Rosie??\"  I'll take the third term!
\"@samflaherty_:  I'd bet my life savings Obama has a higher IQ than you\"  You would lose!
\"@JoshRosenfield: . And yet he refuses to release his IQ results to the public. WHAT ARE YOU HIDING, MR. TRUMP.\" Ask Obama!
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
\"@bagshotrow:  which internet test told you this i would like to Match Wits With The Trumpster\"  You wouldn't have a chance!
\"@MadamSuzette:  U were right Jodi arias should Have listened to u\"  Thanks, but I'm glad she didn't.
\"@rodmonium91:  Mr Trump, do you support the death penalty?\"  YES!
@MenaceSocietyUT   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon.
\"@dlayphoto:  Is that why you’ve filed for bankruptcy numerous times?\" I never filed for bankruptcy asshole!
@JeremyPage3011 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!
\"@2go2there:  Remember that one time you came to @LibertyU ? That was cool of you - thanks!  I loved it - GREAT SCHOOL!
\"@NJWineGeek:  but Jon Stewart has a much higher IQ.  Wrong, Jon Stewart(?) is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower I.Q.
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now, will it be life or death?
\"@hotair25159:  lol.. Justice for Travis\"   It shows that the legal system is still intact-good news!
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
I'm giving away money- go to uW8lZeSVrD . Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team.
We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications 054Ext5c1A
Visit @Fund_Anything at W0MDqPckX4 to see my picks! #FundAnything
.@myfoxny discussing NYPD Chief Kelly’s great record ; the launch of the crowdfunding site uW8lZeSVrD X9D0Somj3J
Via @CNNMoney: \"Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding\" uguSSXyTO2 #FundAnything
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for tSLfuNNAPI. The place was happy and packed!
I gave away money. Go to uW8lZeSVrD to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs \n#GiveBack
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
@abaldwin31 Thanks.
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
\"@rosannascotto: Why are you giving away money this am  ?\"  Because so many people need help!
\"@calikal69:  what do you think of @billmaher?\"   I don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.
\"@MarkDRucker1:  I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.
\"@jgarrett214: \"@PrayaHater:  Go on his show and teach him how its done!\" No joke writers.  He is soft and easy.
\"@asmarks18:  I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?\"  I never give up!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
\"@ChrisCJackson:  I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second.\" Sorry, no-one else can satisfy her!
\"@gdelag:  @rodmonium91 Just ck how many followers have each follower.  But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!
\"@jgarrett214:  you do realize that @ApprenticeNBC has raised MILLIONS for great charities, right? #celebapprentice\"  YES!
\"@rodmonium91:  Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?\"  No,I'm too cheap!
\"@Suzmo816:  She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!\"  Very witty but not very funny!
@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!
@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!
\"@JoshIs: Super happy to #unsubscribe  now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!
\"@sherlock1313: . Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?\"  No, absolutely nothing!
@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!
@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
\"@Heaveenly:  how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers\"  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
\"@TroyMoe1:  mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016\"
\"@NickBrinley:  If they're \"unreported,\" how do you know there's 26,000 of them?\"  Reported tonight by all major newscasts.
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
\"@Fresh_Entertain:  do you ever go to the isle of Lewis?\"  Yes, great place-my wonderful mother was born there!
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men ; women together?
\"@TweesTweets:  Do people ever call you Donny?\"  YES.
\"@artlab:  Still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing.  You must be kidding joker!
“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce Lee
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
My @gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with ObamaCare ; how it is stopping businesses from hiring 2XtuxKvBrC
Trump @DoralResort’s renovations are on schedule.  With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.
My @foxandfriends int. on Benghazi cover up, the ObamaCare mess ; firing @TheRealMarilu  on @ApprenticeNBC  EkafnPnUrS
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
\"@opensezme:  and there's a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then\"
\"@DigitalPianoMan:  You do more good just commenting on Twitter than most haters do their whole lives\"
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
\"Success seems to be connected w/ action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit.\" - Conrad Hilton
Now @RonWyden is also “concerned” about ObamaCare along with @MaxBaucus WHnh8sSZtz Program may fold through its own doing.
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
Via @Hometownlife: \"Donald Trump to speak at Lincoln Day Dinner at The Showplace in Novi\" HLOU7wFoLN
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, she’s sharp and tough.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
\"@SinCityVinnie:  #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television.\"   THANKS!
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
\"@NUNOSINAUSTIN:  celebrity apprentice tonight! Final two? Penn ; Little John, that's my guess..\"  Watch what happens,9 P.M.
\"God never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better.\" --Rev. @BillyGraham
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.\" JFK
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
As I’ve said many times before, Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is highly overrated.
Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.
If Jon Stewart is so above it all ; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
Amazing how the haters ; losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original ; like no one else is doing it...
“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal
\"@Wolfrum: @GoAngelo Remember when  was going to sue you?  I can't sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at Macy's!
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers.
\"@DanProctor11: I may strongly disagree with 's politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt\"  At a great price at Macy's
\"@HarrietBaldwin:  @deedeegop What happened to \"turn the other cheek?\"  Sorry, not a believer!
@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell ; false low int.
“Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big
\"@s__nguyen:  Thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. We need more leaders like you!\"Thanks
\"@scottygam:  Jon Stewart calls you F**ckface Von Clownstick. What's that all about?\" He's an overrated asshole-total phoney
\"@pzarrella21:  I don't understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. LOSERS!
\"@Angelkakes:  love you. Need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in @whitehouse #failed\" Thanks!
\"@Jhonatanjansson: Just watched speaches from #cpac  and @marcorubio did great\"    Thank you!
“How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” –   Think Like a Billionaire
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off, by over 910,000 qIHVtjEHiz  $100B of our money wasted!
Trump Int'l Puerto Rico spreads luxury residences, a world class golf resort ; beach club across 1,000 acres kJkxpr8sZ3
Call @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC  at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
My wife, Melania, will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in!
@nikkio  True!
@marie_marshallx @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks.
@miamarrazza Work really hard ; think smart!
@adb1707 @TrumpTowerNY @THEGaryBusey Good point!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ ; others)
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
\"@broadflameec: @dblsolo7 @hdiallo @BarrieLouise @ForQ2  Small man. Large ego.\"  No, large man 6'3\". Large ego!
@salefisher - Jordan is great!
\"@anthonyeding: No doubt the  would have been a better president than Obama\"   TRUE!
@hdiallo   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?
@JohnQuinsay   When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).
@AxlRose1996   Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
\"@zack_21:  @hdiallo @dblsolo7 class act there donald. How dare u call this beautiful women these names. You said beautiful?
\"@MisterEspinal: You see, this man right here has me as his number one fan forever! Inspirational, Real, a Success! \" Thanks
\"@teaparty321:  if you run for president in 2016, I hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it.\" No doubt!
\"@hdiallo: @dblsolo7  That hair is a hot mess ; shows he gas no class or style!\"   Yea, you're a real beauty!
@PatrickMendezNV   Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!
\"@PatrickMendezNV: They're going to make you their @TIME person of the year in attempt to silence you.  They are not smart enough to do that
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case
\"@TMPLUSII:  your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right?\"  Because they don't want to!
@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
\"@shiveringgoat:  These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!  Oh really,  weren't these \"poor guys\" mugging other people in Park?
\"@MrWayneRock: @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
\"@leebestt:  So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.\"  Really cool!
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Via @TVbytheNumbers: 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS ; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. mz8RMP9ylC
NBC terminates \"The Chris Matthews Show\" HgkSlTwtV5
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
Fracking poses ZERO health risks bXsJ6MKZGH  In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
\"Trump Making GOP Speech — Is 2016 in the Cards?\" 6i9uPERzYI via @Newsmax_Media
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Via @AP on @washingtonpost: \"Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia\" Bc2KBQcfkZ
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- PCTS0EST7J
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- PVMNLLVNrG
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the \"power 100\" list in NY......
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
\"@DCGiesII: Maybe  was right about his course being better than Quail Hollow\"  Trump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.
\"@TMPLUSII:  Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day\"YES!
\"@TMPLUSII:  Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day\"
\"@steveturk182:  what is your favorite book that you have authored?\"  Art of the Deal!
\"@jamescoleman07:  Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU!\"   Very nice-thanks
\"@Joe_Mangieri: Going to @Macys this weekend to get  ties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?\"  Blue but all are great!
\"@JwalkerKid:  IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!\"  Thanks!
\"@koos32:  Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model!\"   Thanks!
\"@Keegs_Dad:  I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 years\"    Wow, great!
\"@AlbertoSidney:  excellent service #Doral\"  Thanld.
@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!
\"@tdudz5: @marinedad20  sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence.\"   True and thanks!
\"@Thaddalicious:  I love you\"   Thanks!
\"@angryjustint:  is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!\"  Thanks Justin and work hard!
\"@ELewie1994:  Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?\"  Up to Vince M.
\"@FillingerJoanne:  you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF\"  Thanks Joanne!
\"@BearMountainCR:  Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?\"  Never!
\"@gharo34:  Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!\"Much higher than both
\"@royroper:  we need to get the unemployed back to work.\"  That is a big part of the answer!
@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
\"@DeannaSpillyard:  You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.\"  Thanks.
\"@tdudz5:  @liljon @apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.  That is true!\"
Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.
1/5 households is on food stamps oGbefmgzww We must do better. Americans need to have a work ethic.
Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey! 54Rg4NmNCx
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
@Colvio117  Thanks!
\"@BridgetGonzale3:  I mean seriously come on, Donald Trump is the coolest guy ever.\"  Thanks, but easy against the losers!
@DannyZuker  Night loser!
@JonNeumeister     Dopey, I've won them all.
@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.                    ,
\"@PureManhattan: @DannyZuker  Id rather support The Don than some clown. Just saying. Danny, you are a clown.Yes and loser!
   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
\"@MasSergio:  that punk's jealous of ya mr. trump @DannyZuker is not worth the time of day! He prolly wants media attn-True!
\"@tdudz5:  @neddust when will people wake up and realize Trump was one of Bush's biggest critics! Blind people!\"  TRUE!
\"@mierz1824:  Have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone?\"  No!
\"@kilgorecf: Dang @DannyZuker v  has been too good.\"   No, too easy-Danny is a dummy!
\"@jtan_from_ott:  would ever have a loser like @dannyzuker on the apprentice? His stupidity could be funny. Interesting!
\"@bdbender1:  it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in Iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife.
@mtshastacola   Happy birthday!
@IvanGH   Great taste!
\"@Horse_75:  real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so.\"  All politics-windfarms are in big trouble-I will win!
\"@shillelagh2:  @tomspiglanin @TrumpNationalLA if its good enough for The Donald it should be ok for me\" Directly on Pacific
@OMGguy18    Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.
@VincentYanni   I agree, Modern Family sucks!
\"@NedDust:  bush was ur boy\"  Wrong!
\"@NNNmrk:  You need to write another Time to Get Tough Book. It'll be another new york times best seller.\" GOOD IDEA!
\"@PyperProblems:  someone needs to fire @DannyZuker !\"  He will fire himself-a total loser!
@FakeBriWilliams   Thank you!
@DanielRobinsMD.   @Lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!
Photo from a recent episode of @ApprenticeNBC - saying those two famous words! Yo6s4Az5Fq
\"@DaltonStoltz:  2.1 Mil. Followers vs. @DannyZuker 189 Thous.  is WINNING! #GreaterInfluence He has nothing
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
Great photo with @IvankaTrump and @Joan_Rivers from this week's @ApprenticeNBC- LXhgt9Q0lK
@SiegristA  Thanks!
@harry_vickers @DannyZuker @ApprenticeNBC Thanks!
@richardroeper Keep dreaming!
I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
\"One hit wonder @DannyZuker\", I notice you are not disputing all of the failures that I said you had. Let's talk about it!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
\"Failed show @DannyZuker\" season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching.....
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.\n@DannyZuker
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is \"stacked\" with failures.
“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents’ dinner. The only problem is that... 52sz6WwhUz
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that’s because I didn’t attend(even... 8jD8GuFluU
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... Hr29Kd2fCk
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Here’s @Joan_Rivers. She ; @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
\"@KSofen:  I bought one of your ties at Macy's as a gift. Loved it and it was hard to choose just one. Nice designs - Thanks
\"@mlnluis: @THEGaryBusey  gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. Your GREAT!!!\"  So are you!
\"@ClevelandGuy70:  Sunday 9pm-11pm on NBC is the best TV of the week...Love the show Mr Trump #CelebApprentice\"  Thanks!
\"@xbreanne469:  love your show!!!\"    Thanks.
\"@kayyyygeeeee: Seeing 's face makes my Sunday night wonderful\"  Thanks Krista!
\"@vanillakissesxx:  Love you and love the show!! :)\"  Thanks S!
@WIBWAriana    9?.  Thanks.
\"@kwindlan32: Are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on @CelebApprentice,  ?\"  Yes, big time!
@Core15   Thanks.
@Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC.
\"@jeffpawlik: It's @CelebApprentice night. Can't wait! \"  Great Jeff - a full two hours, 9 P.M. on NBC.
\"@abethbyr: Im SO ready for an awesome #allstar @CelebApprentice tonight! Bring it  @TraceAdkins @lisarinna @THEGaryBusey\"
\"@Verniceblahblah:  trump hotels are the best!!!\"  I AGREE AND THANKS!
@DBradleyRI   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!
\"@byrne_man:  bought a Trump shirt for a wedding I went to last fall, I looked awesome.\"  I'll bet you did!
\"@yrj77s:  Your clothing line is excellent.Thanks.
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)
Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks \"why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?\" BORING TOM
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy
\"@lucysmommichele:  Gary Busey cracks me up! He definitely has a different outlook on life! Thanks for The Apprentice!\" Nice
\"@salesdan48:  Wake up Donald, the world is awaiting your wisdom .\"  I know, such a burden.
\"@KingofRough:  Seriously wonder if you like Chinese people? Not talking about its gov.\"  I really like the Chinese people.
\"@GauravK725: @ForQ2  look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by Mr. Trump. And its still growing!\" TRUE!
\"@MirandaKroughh:  I love you and I think you're funny.\"  Sooooo sweet, thanks!
\"@piximania:  Mr Trump! I'm from South Africa and I just love your tweets!! You're the best!\"  Thanks.
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
\"@ThisNBAgirl:  Are you still scared of @mcuban Trump?\"  Nobody is scared of Mark-he is a short ball hitter!
\"@Janie_Sears:  One day I will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream (and become) BIG!\"  Great going Janie!
\"@CMHeel:  do like Mexico?\"   Yes, but they make a fortune off the U.S.  Their leaders are far better negotiators than ours.
\"@SnarfGuard:  is responding so... I remember meeting him when i was a valet at #Trump National in NJ before it opened.\" Wow
\"@MustardTiger33:  - Hey, Mr. Trump, do you like Canada??\" Love Canada and its people!
\"@ToddZ64:  I love it when you are on Letterman. You keep him on his toes. Hope you are on his show again soon.\" I WILL BE!
\"@jTheCollegeKid:  @joooooojaah Shut up Trump I'm unfollowing you\"  Great, but you won't stop loser-you have no control!
\"@THEsal_sortino:  can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model!\"  Hello Sal
\"@sad__mom:  when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think \"success\"\"Wow!
\"@JohnRMcCabe:  deserves to be President of the United States of America\"  Thanks John, we need someone Really good (great).
@dogs4peace Very cool!
\"@firephoto67:  Big fan Mr. Trump, always have been. Keep up the good work\"  Thanks Woody!
\"@SeanBogatin: Donald 4 president.. Time 4 a real change!! #Gotmyvote \"  THANK YOU!
\"@joooooojaah:  is my favorite twitter account\"  Thanks!
\"@heyitsjxo:  you're my idol\"  Thanks.
\"@camastoras:  enjoying a great evening at Trump Toronto! njwBB8Lfyq\"  That's great, have fun!
@masotam   Police records, signed confessions and more?
\"@Sam_Kotowski: Once again  does a great job on Fox News w/ Greta. Run for president! RT I'm a huge fan!!!\" Thank you!
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
\"@gretawire:  wow! What a nice comment......thank you!\"  But 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight!
@DanScavino Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
@JimDaniell30809 @DaveCentrist True!
@Katietennis1223 Thanks, everyone loves it.
@LetsBeckRush A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
@piano807 Wow!
@HRdiva_NY Thanks.
@AndreasBoos Very true!
@loverofthecross I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
@Mbathani_Inc Much can be done and it would be easy!
@alan_ashe No, they have no guts.
@Nautilus916 True!
“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a Champion
Ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
“When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. Morgan
Often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful ; expect success.
Get ready for fireworks…@Joan_Rivers ; @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
Just as I predicted, Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos oKSSMU20i6  The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil.
The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
Looking forward to addressing @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom 'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th SrgbB058I8
Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.
Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.
To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
MUST READ ARTICLE: “Immigration reform could be bonanza for Democrats” M5yCKpoMB2 Are the @RNC ; @GOP suicidal?
Do as I say, not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity yr0vShKnqZ
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.  Instead Leadership is funding it VnKsRQoCGc
@frankibe I certainly did--in spades.
@afolasoji So true.
@DbagsLoveMe I will, thanks!
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
.@whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures Hfu3CD5oBV Your money was wasted.
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military, China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers JJnSRYhU9w
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a “tool.” Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.
Weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.
Via @Law360: “Trump’s $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval” W4XbbVFbWe
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004. ZkfPql2llZ
@mschrock4 I never went bankrupt, you dope!
@Abtheproducer Maybe Obama?
Wow, I’m at 2,200,000  followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters ; losers—they’re such a waste of time!
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with @EricTrump- see same hairstyle! uF8YOD2Sow
@Ashley33331 True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.
@Debonairo That is true!
@HowardSternJohn @DonaldJTrumpJr  No!
@thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes Thanks--the haters ; losers know that too.
...What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops ; a Brinks guard...
\"@ASanders836:  what would you feel about Jeb Bush running for president in 2016?\" The last thing we need is another Bush!
\"@DaveCentrist:  The most over-rated person on the planet, Donald J. Trump. Except by himself. Why do you follow loser?
\"@zachfelber:  best advice my great uncle Egon Dumler ever gave you??\"  Invest in real estate-Egon was a great lawyer ; guy.
@GauravK725   Thanks.
@DurantRandy   Thanks.
\"@craigdevlin:  @sheckiezx @kristinaoakes go on the daily show then and prove yourself.\" I would triple his ratings-nice no.
@pokerswayne  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
@TheSportsSwede You are so stupid!
@daytradersfx  That is true.
@TatorJuice   Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him.
\"@sheckiezx:  @kristinaoakes Only a moron would overrate him! He's overrated, and morons don't make more than 9 billion $'s.
\"@jamie461:  @thedailyshow Looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh.\" He wouldn't have a chance!
\"@NearBatman:  You aRe my favoUrite! Someday U Could be prez. How About a rt Good luck.
\"@kristinaoakes:  No, you're overrated.\"  By who, a moron lile you!
\"@GabiOliver26:  @maffucci93 My 17th bday is tomorrow :D plzzzz will u retweet me...\"  Happy B-day!
\"@JeffRuben1:  I hear the billions calling my name, you'll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower\" Great!
\"@raider_level:  is one of my role models.\" Thanks!
\"@NeilWhinhamPGA:  If you were a Golf Professional where in the world would you set up your business?\" Doral in Miami.
@HayJayP26   Work hard!
\"@asaadhutchinson:  @maffucci93 Dream large, take charge\"  True-do it!
\"@maffucci93:  up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!!\"  That's great - go get 'em!
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council is concerned over the health ; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@Chadillac107 True and thanks!
“The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve Jobs
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted, everybody is suing him, he’ll have nothing left
@Tokodi1  See Trump Tower!
@DPMurphy93 That's true--they all ask!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills ; @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Do executives at @msnbc know that the business of TV centers on viewers ; ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable lXPVsOpadu Sad.
My @showbiztonight interview on @KhloeKardashian, @ApprenticeNBC ; my surprising TV career NonKlNH5PE
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows, but the haters ; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.
@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open ; packed—really cool to see ; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
\"@Maddie_Rene:  trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
\"@_Hub__: : Grew up in family business at a time when passion ; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
\"@CindyKempl:  : Mr Trump, I personally enjoy your tweets! Some are very informative! Thank you for your words of wisdom!\"
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
\"@Tsheppe:  I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!\"   Go get 'em!
\"@maddiknick:  makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan! #Trumptastic\" Thanks!
\"@TEAM_ACKMANN: i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing  and following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!
\"@TEAM_ACKMANN:  how do you really feel about Mac Miller?  He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit
\"@Mimekiller:  this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson?\" Oh, I guess I'm not a racist!
\"@WLynton:  Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you?\" They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
\"@WeskusOuma:  What other attacks?\"  Read the transcripts etc.
\"@coolboybrand:  they were \"wildin\", they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people?
\"@mtomassetti22:  so should the makers of this documentary be fired?\" No, but they should state the true facts-no angels!
\"@Bostonred:  Where is the evidence ?\" All over the place!
\"@coolboybrand:  the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!,
\"@Fun_Foy:  Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime?\" Yes, but they committed other attacks!
@RamboFo  Great!
@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
\"@Buford330Leon:  @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is not a match, Go Mr Trump.\"  Thanks, I will.
\"@britonian:  lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!!\" Wrong dummy-no.contest!
\"@Ilovethejays:  I'm finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveit\"  Great!
\"@Jenil93_:  No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
\"@carolbell04:  this season of the appentance is great\"   Thanks!
\"@MasSergio:  the fucking truth we need our jobs back!\" That won't happen without new leadership!
\"@EllaMaeBe:  @11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!\"  And so would others!
@DoroMundo   Thanks!
\"@backupwraith: i firmly believe that  is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.\"A great compliment!
\"@SCardamenis:  @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!
\"@SupadupaNycee:  but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children\" - who were brutally attacking people in Park!
\"@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled  anti-windfarm ad misleading\"  Not misleading, very truthful!
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these \"innocent\" boys were doing?
\"@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled  anti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond
@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
\"@craigdevlin:  @11SHEILA11 Please run for president, Jon Stewart would destroy you!\"  Jon (L) is not smart enough!
@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!
@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
\"@11SHEILA11:  Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votes\"  Thanks!
@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!
\"@Lrac_Samoht:  ... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on?   No!
It was great to have @ApprenticeNBC veterans George Ross and @BretMichaels back in the boardroom. HxlPFrFWR9 #CelebApprentice
North Carolina’s most exclusive club, @Trump_Charlotte’s features @SharkGregNorman designed golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NC
Will @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
Sexting Pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
The dying @VanityFair’s circulation has “dropped” ; its newsstand sales have “plummeted by 20.1 percent” oxTRgqiTYU
.@AlexSalmond, don’t worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly.
It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. Patton
In three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete ; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
\"@Lantern153:  I'm sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. You are nuts!
\"@adamkellydeals:  - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read\" Thanks Adam!
@jamezypell   Yes!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  You want their respect, not their friendship.
@borland_jim Macy's ships to Canada! Just go to: TSgNYqisEx
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Our enemy China is illegally buying oil from our enemy Iran HCndC36H2Z China loves it!
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
@MarkkCole  Happy Birthday Mark.
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
Sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last, in the gutter, in their Boston bombing coverage 69zp6NRmQN @hardball_chris @Lawrence
@pjkorman @ClutchBa11er Great wife!
@willowfrantn @BelmontUniv Great!
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Trump: 'Is the Boston Killer Eligible for Obama Care to Bring Him Back to Health?' 7Z4JlS4Er5
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, Mr. President—hang tough!
.@foxandfriends int. on how the Boston thug deserves death penalty, @FBI's great work ; firing Brande Roderick i9FiPowvpY
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube ; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!
@TheNordicBroad Thank you.
@jaypeemoney Los Angeles or Scotland!
Spent the weekend in LA checking out Trump National Golf Club on the Pacific Ocean. An amazing place!  REIlVbo99C
\"@tdudz5:  you r the most honest and real person on twitter. Twitter was invented for Trump!\" Thanks, very nice!
@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!
\"@macgecko: @wsquared58  @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo Actually the first of many Trump ties because of look, feel, quality\"
\"@ClutchBa11er:  I know you wear mainly Brioni ties. That's wrong, I wear Trump ties that are sold at Macy's.
\"@fastfranky5:  @macy @goangelo Donald - they are top notch, I have a dozen or so #Quality\"  Thanks, people love them!
Me, by a lot!
\"@Doctor_Trey:  I say if Obama is so set on universal background checks, we run a background check on him.\" Very interesting
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
\"@macgecko:  @macy @goangelo Love your ties Donald! They are quality and I own many! #menswear\" Thank you!
@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
\"@Shootar401:  You need to run for President and get this country back on the right track! Trump 2016\"  Thank you!
\"@angrycrank:  You are a terrible human being.\"  That's only because you don't know me!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of \"Buseyisms\"!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already… #CelebApprentice
How stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--; rightly so.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, \"speak to my lawyers.\"
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
\"@bracybuilders:  just a playboy
@CoachClintSwan  Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!
\"@ajbarker50:  do you try to make everything about you?\"  YES!
@NextLevelStoner   Great!
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings
I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as \"the suspect\".
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t
\"@JoeTran19:  how do u feel about Marco Rubio?\"  Drinks too much water!
\"@DJmikeLNY:  Mr. Trump? How can people hate such a brilliant person?\"  It is hard to believe, isn't it! (Thanks).
\"@Cheban42:  how did u feel Bout Mitt??\"  Very nice guy but just didn't resonate with the voters!
\"@tcorbitt20:  don't forget George W Bush, too. It's all his fault\" No Republican hit Bush as hard as I did!
\"@borland_jim:  Can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in Canada that sell your Apparel\" Will get back to you!
\"@MeganEHolstein:  your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. God Bless America.\" Thanks Megan!
@PierceCorey   Great going!
Sorry,  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
\"@murmiles:  Sir, will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at Doral, or sticking with a contractor?  In house!
\"@garthdahdah: What was  greatest accomplishment this week?\" Employing thousands of people!
\"@Lumberportal:  I don't think the haters or losers bother Donald one bit haha. Do they affect you in anyway?\" No!
\"@Jarius_Rembert:  has a lot of haters.\" Not haters, losers!
\"@davidpylejr:  @edincamera2 @alphatreblesix you're not really smart Mr. Trump, you're an F-ing genius!\" I.Q. tests confirm!
@Lumberportal  That's great!
\"@ShaneFontaine7:  what a great fragrance success is. Love the sentiment and it lasts all day. Thanks Donald\" No, thanks @S.
\"@FilmRod83:  What house makes your cologne? I'm going to Macy's to get a few of your ties and cologne! The best!\" Thanks!
@cjdew67  Thanks!
\"@Edincamera2: @AlphaTrebleSix  It's saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich.\"  Perhaps I'm really smart?
\"@crazygreentiger:  its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place.\" Oh, I see, it's my fault!
\"@UnitedINDaKing:  If my little girl was old enough for Twitter, I *would want* her to be able to follow you. Smart parent!
\"@_ayooPRINCESS: . Many people dislike  but the man is the man and I can't lie 👍 .\"  So true!
\"@Atom_Murray: Getting ready for Brian Williams to publicly humilate  on national television again.Brian is not smart enough
\"@kmcs1957:  I love when you get your Haters all twisted up. You would make another gazillion $ as a comedian #love you!\"
\"@NuccioKing: If he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. RT.  He is white dummy! What have you been taking!
\"@alixandra_k:  I love you! Run for president and save this country!!!! #trumpforpresident\"  It needs saving!
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
\"@Justin_Majoy:  this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence\"  You are too kind!
\"@jschmeezz23:  in my opinion you are the best human being ever!\" I like that better-thank you!
\"@MattWeaver_21:  You are, quite literally, the worst human being ever.\" Thank you!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
\"@mikeohio2323: @rob_bieber  Tell the victims and their families about this guy's rights.  Terrible!
\"@sverriss:  what good will killing him/her do?\" He'll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences!
\"@The_INDYpendent:  Maybe Anthony Weiner can serve as editor in chief!\" But then @CNN would become X-rated!
Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
\"@daveinfinland:  I just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. It was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace!
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day ; get back to reporting!
David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine -- nobody could bring it back like David!  lLMjQh2iz9
@MarlboroStan You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
Lots of comments—Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
The @FBIPressOffice, police ; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign “What’s Your BIG 5?” on All-Star @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday.
Another great shot from the beginning of construction at @DoralResort. Y8em4FYN58
With @IvankaTrump and crew at the start of a new @DoralResort. nu0VqdMhEu
Being tough doesn’t mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.
“Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.” – Think Like A Champion
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
#TBT With @DonaldJTrumpJr almost 35 years ago- GyYH07cUIO
Featuring top spa in New York, AAA Five-Diamond Award @TrumpSoHo is Soho’s most elite hotel ; destination spot tkKliU7bxu
@ace_stef Great, thanks.
@Gabagul_ Hi Dan and good luck!
@aclutter51  We need someone!
@camarrone Great!
Amazing!  Watch @NHLBruins fans take over National Anthem during pregame ceremonies mAi1Js2k0L
“One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – Midas Touch
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
@lanele123 Thank you.
\"@MeWonderful2:  @Rockinar @mtneerjustice LOLss. I wonder if the false info comes from \"hate\" OR just lack of knowledge.Hate
\"@Rockinar:  @mtneerjustice Trump does not own the hotel. He just licensed him name out for it.\" Wrong, I own the hotel!
\"@PatrickBlackbrn:  @MattMoran50 He tried last cycle and failed miserably. Never ran yet lead in the pols you moron!
\"@MattMoran50: The day  runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again\"  Wow, thank you!
\"@mtneerjustice:  My husband and I went to Las Vegas in August and stayed at the Trump Hotel. We loved it!   That's great!
\"@RogerLMenard:  Mr. Trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...Your an inspiration to everyone.\" Thank you!
\"@Ailor424:  Prez shows more anger about US Senate not passing guns bill than he does about the Boston bombing. Interesting!
\"@NickTripp86:  @rodmonium91 What is the most important lesson you've learned in business?\" Never give up!
\"@simonlise:  @maggie101956 if he had gone, you would have criticized him for leaving the Boston issue unresloved\" Wrong!
\"@ILOVEBRITNEY_7:  could you run for president ? We need you!\"  We need someone!
\"@garthdahdah: @TrumpGolfLA [THE] top luxury public golf course in the country MYiwkyfiVU”      Thank you!
\"@Slave4Suzi: @KatrinaDeVita I highly recommend you follow  if you don't already. The man's a genius.\" Thank you!
\"@Arseburgers:  @itsHODAIFA When you die the world will be better\"  Very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person!
\"@scheekster:  @trumpgolfla it is an amazing place! Will be playing there in a tournament June 3 can't wait!\"  Win!
\"@LRod421:  @MLB @Yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. Pay it or contess it\"  Contest?
\"@billf227:  staying at Doral tonight. Can't wait to see it after the Trump renovations\"  It will be amazing!
\"@knaweiny21:  Love everything that you stand for! You are a brilliant man!\" Thank you!
@UnitedContractF  Interesting and true.
\"@rodmonium91:  Best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman?\" Work really hard and smart!
\"@maggie101956:  Donald...he couldn't go to Thachers funeral??? Am I the only one outraged???\"  No!
\"@itsHODAIFA:  I wish someday i would be like you! You're my inspiration! Keep up the good work.   Thanks!
\"@blakeamorrow:  ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.\"  Great, hopefully soon!
\"@kayceelaw:  A great mind...And a role model.\" Thanks!
\"@theimpregnable:  Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.\"  Love of my family, Country and work!
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me. Uny6w86GS2
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, @TrumpGolfLA is the top luxury public golf course in the country MYiwkyfiVU
Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare ; green cronyism ; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half JNJRVIMW3B
Druggie A-Rod, @MLB’s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.
@GauravK725  Great!
@blake1swanson Thanks.
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists bso3k1pR7l
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
@KathyLooper Thanks.
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
@Y0itsbeau Well, I would make America great again.
@handyrachet Flattery!
@puffy61 @Real_LukasHall Thanks.
@dandeloof @mcuban Wrong--he started it, I finished it!
@MusicByEthan Thank you.
@LUSHPILLAI @TrumpLasVegas Thanks.
@LarryRobertWyat Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks.
\"@Real_LukasHall: Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately \"  That's great!
\"@Doug_E_Fresh2:  is definitely a legend. A real man among men.\"  Thanks Doug, I like you tooooo!
\"@slabrunojr:  @anthonyskwiat @QueyNewton Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!\"  Wrong moron, the opposite times 4.
\"@_KateMorgan_: I'd say  is a legend\"  I work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!
\"@leebestt:  His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.\"  Re me?  Thanks!
\"@anthonyskwiat: @QueyNewton  ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend\" Thanks!
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog. vu501xhSHc
With @StephenBaldwin7 earlier today at @ApprenticeNBC press conference in @TrumpTowerNY. MmyF5YNInu
@ccade937 Thank you.
@DannyOjedaOKC  Thanks.
@lesterwge  Thank you.
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
Via @financialpost: “Climate changing for global warming journalists” by Lawrence Solomon (cont) qpg1BwRUMw
Vegas’ top destination, @TrumpLasVegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass IE1In9f9J5 What goes on there, stays there!
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
.@alexsalmond RT @NOBLE74 I live in Aberdeenshire ; I'm with you, you have made a big difference to that bit (cont) lEDWYOIhNr
.@alexsalmond RT @RichWaugaman This time I agree 100% I never knew how useless a wind turbine was until I (cont) 5z0lUko0Ft
.@alexsalmond  RT @islandbluenose \nYou'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
@adamjackson73  Yes.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Congratulations to @Boston_Police, @FBIBoston ; all emergency first responders ; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
Via @scotsmandotcom: “Donald Trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle” ShGl8FUFii
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever. OXIWUe15Ct
Via @TVbytheNumbers:“TV Ratings Sunday 'Family Guy' ; 'The Simpsons' Down, 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' Up” bSwTv3eBvD
@AscotCarRental  I know Adam--he's a great player ; great guy!
It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
@Yazzeruk Very nice--thanks.
@terryvanburen @TheRealMarilu @ApprenticeNBC .@TheRealMarilu \nwill be happy--she's also a great person.
@oparinde Macy's will be happy--and so am I.
@mrmikeyharrison You will love it!
@emilyplacido @foxandfriends @IvankaTrump Thanks.
@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC  I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
I’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time ; sadly, he gets dumber each ; every year--; started from a very low base.
.@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers ; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
\"@NYCJennie:  would you mind retweeting this flier please. You could help me save 4 year old Jayden's life! Go Jayden!
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
RT @gatewaypundit: The Trump Hotel Waikiki looks like a lovely resort   #Hawaii
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
In case you missed it, my @gretawire interview on Obama's IRA rate cut hurting savings ; economic growth Fmd9eFt606
My @foxandfriends interview re: @IvankaTrump's pregnancy, my grandchildren, Obama's 18% tax rate ; Obamacare 1OcOwVfgmn
From 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
.@DonaldJTrumpJr  and @EricTrump with @HulkHogan  -- Great shot! nBGYwCNDnz”
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
\"@PashaRozay: Ivanka Trump is the best thing  ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice
\"@ronettekite: , @IvankaTrump DOES look great! Shes stunning, intelligent; a true role model for many women. True-fhank you!
\"@JFordEureka: Love the ties! Where can I get them?  @EricTrump #celebapprentice\" Macy's!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
The home of the boardroom- @TrumpTowerNY- rHqPoJGRcf #CelebApprentice
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
I’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
Great shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
\"@jeffreybigmoney:  Would they have won the task if not the misspelling? I was dying for him or Trace to ask that. YES!
.@pennjillette doesn’t like @StephenBaldwin7’s cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
“A vampire with a day pass?”  We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
It’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
A lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
\"@T_Colello:  if you were president Korea wouldn't be messing with us #Trump2016\"  100% correct!
@adamscott - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
\"@MSKIBBS1:  The only way we can save America in 2016 will be if you run for President.\" Thank you!
Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!
\"@willise2n:  u r a hero to us in Nigeria/ Africa. Wen r u visiting us nxt? It wld be a dream come true to meet  Really nice
\"@thelambdizzle:  Mr Trump are we 2 hours tonight?\" Yes.
\"@mforbes326: Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice! Let's do this Gary! I hope he wins tonight. \"
\"@IamTimClancy: ....please save our America....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail.\" True!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9
\"@WWinmill:  Canada loves you Donald!\" Thanks!
\"@alumadrifter:  @gameexpress1 I'm calling it for Jason day\" He probably just blew it!
\"@Kyle_j91:  If the US asked for reimbursement for defense and the Koreans declined, then what?  Let's rebuild the U.S.!
\"@akd100:  are U watching #masters ?! It's no sure thing yet !!\" Yes, great event!
\"@chuckyc78:  happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party\" You will love it tonight!
@AdamScott is a great guy and player!
\"@trevordebus:  Why is Apprentice 2 full hours now? Ratings problems prompt NBC to end the season early? No dope,opposite!
\"@peterjsteele:  Love to hear your thoughts on idiot Alex Rodriguez. I hope he gets run out of New York.\" He will be!
\"@cliftonclive:  : I completely agree with Patty. A businessman of your caliber can successfully implement State Policies. T
\"@Michele_WV:  Donald Trump for President. Please 🙏\"  You are too kind!
\"@gameexpress1:  Angel Cabrerra will win the MASTERS..265lbs of everyman golfer..Ole!\" He is looking good!
\"@teresayarbor:  @wallsburg I remember you supported John McCain just like I did.\" That is correct, thank you!
\"@PattyMSink:  Please, please, please consider running in the 2016 Presidential election. We need business savvy (you)Thanks
@tjwacker. Good luck!
\"@wallsburg:  Grow a pair Donald. Admit you were wrong to support Obama in 08.\"  Moron, I never supported Obama in 08.
\"@philip711:  I think when you go on the @sternshow those are the best interviews\"  Howard and I have fun!
\"@KingOf_Class:  Honestly,you can't find anyone more real than Donald Trump!\" A great compliment, thanks!
\"@AdultProdigy: I'll say it, nobody beats  when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight.\" Thanks!
\"@NoraHaxha:  Donald Trump is the man, loved the interview on letterman!\"  Thanks!
\"@pjpaton: Wind Mills are highly dangerous - They tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms \"  True!
\"@kanikagahlaut: Can anyone explain why @JerrySeinfeld is so unfunny on twitter and  is so funny?\" Jerry is highly overrated
\"@MrAlanR:  Donald you rock! #theartofthedeal changed me forever. Thanks\" That is really great news, congrats!
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
\"@CockyCam: Don't care what you say,  is spot on with his comments on Gov. Issues! Keeps it real and honest! #respect\" Best!
\"@rpm11561: @IvankaTrump your dad's interview, last night with David Letterman, was the best, realest, most genuine sitdown, ever ! Thanks!
\"@Dale26: Mr  how come the US doesn't listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? They are dumb
\"@dolliemjs02:  I liked Donald Trump on The To Night Show with David Letterman\"  Thanks!
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
\"@CoolCanuckChick:  I thought China was good with the U.S.?\"  Only if you want no country left!
\"@RealCoachHodge: I'm thinking of changing my name to Trump. Just to thank  for making my business thousands!\" Smart!
\"@loganfaris: Have to do an essay on a hero....... Definitely picking . Perfect idol\"  Very nice-good luck!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!
\"@BidwellP:  Are you supporting Chinese child labor?\" Only at The Masters!
\"@teh_jaybee:  are you going to return the favor to @VinceMcMahon and be the one who inducts him in to the @WWE #HOF?\" YES!
@VeIvetRose  Also true!
\"@GenuineAccess:  Booked VIP clients to playing at the Trump Course in Palos Verdes fnn #\"  Great-best course in California!
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers
\"@petekobelka:  just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time, better then anything!
\"@bclew70:  Donald I am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres.\" Never too late!
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
\"@josh_b_123: thank you for creating the best show ever \"  Very nice, thank you!
\"@joshlop17:  is a true model, hard work and dedication, money, and attitude &lt;&lt; and unsotppable force\" Wow,  thank you!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
\"@HogmanjemJack:  After Obama bailed out GM for $80 Billion, 7 out of 10 GM cars made in China!\"
\"@Tanann5:  Love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! LIKE YOUR STRAIGHT FORWARD TALK....Thanks!
I am on David Letterman tonight.
@bakerjb19 China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.
@MannaaEyad I only speak the truth.
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--; that one's not even close!
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog- u5T96FzmnF
@LanaH11 @IvankaTrump Thanks.
@dabg3241 Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
@truckncargirl @piersmorgan True!
@MisterEspinal Thanks, very nice.
@RobertMcCallis3 @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews @DanScavino  Turbines destroy environments and people.
@Faithable @DanScavino True.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
My performance from last week on David Letterman @Late_Show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say ‘No.’ It is critical.
“Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Where is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isn’t that frightening and sad?
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews RT ‏@DanScavino                  \n the photos that they don't show the public... io18z7NM9b
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews RT @DanScavino - one would think the photo ; caption - says it all.... 0nOkuUvuuV
.@TrumpWaikiki is Hawaii’s top luxury hotel ; destination. Each room features stunning views ; superb amenities oSuHX0noqA
All eyes are on @TigerWoods @The_Masters.  He’s in good position!
.@alexsalmond RT @King_Pepp  Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what  is talking about
.@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
Via @australian: \"Trump empire planning to build a presence in Sydney\" V2ca9ZfpH6
\"@DJHago:  Re Scotland. I'm in Scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. Hideous and horrible things.\"
\"@wallsburg:  Why did you support Obama in 08?\" I didn't dummy!
\"@MichaelNidiffer:  Thoughts on Kerry visiting Seoul amid missile crisis..\" Tell them that they must pay us for protection!
\"@ctobin22:  if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president Obama would b??\"  Leadership!
\"@RickShauntz:  @SStew3 we need the art of the deal\" Very true!
\"@ryelki:  @SStew3 WE HAVE NO JOBS, NO HOPE AND NO CASH. TEN YEARS AGO WE HAD SOME OR ALL OF THOSE THINGS\" Interesting!
\"@rodmonium91:  I've come to the conclusion the only help for America, is TRUMP 2016 for President!\"  Probably so!
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
\"@SStew3:  we have NO leadership\"  No kidding!
\"@rangi_mats:  Miss Peru Universe 2008 Karol Castillo, passed away last night :( #MissUniverse #MissPeru\" A wonderful person
\"@ChrisLawGolf: Playing  International Links tomoro. Can't wait! Supposed to be amazing! #beentoldtotakealotofballs\" Enjoy!
@ryanrockefelker Thank you.
@AhmedMallick2 @WWE  Thanks.
@_AJPerez @WWE @VinceMcMahon I hope so!
@rodmonium91 Probably Mark.
“Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a Billionaire
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
Obama’s budget spends $2B making our navy ships algae-powered 5jzKm3ost4 The strong world is laughing at us.
#TBT @DonaldJTrumpJr, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, and I 20 years ago- iQuwB3mFGo
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
.@Jimmyv3  @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer.
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal  RT @rdowns  Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
@BklynBorn71 @dvorlando  Wonderful news, thanks.
@UKWildcatFan96 True!
@SyxxPac1980 @cherish_how  Thanks.
@Bogart_Ron True!
@DohaBen I will be there soon!
@MdAhGOD Not much, it's too easy!
\"@mikefroccaro:  I wear my Donald trump tie every week. Incredible.\" Great!
\"@cherish_how:  I'm gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. Any advice for people who have stage fright like me?\" Be cool!
\"@rodmonium91:  My 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! Has #Success cologne, watches Apprentice, wants to be like u\"Say hi!
\"@salesdan48:  Mark Cuban is a sad, unhappy man. A facade, masquerading as a Trump wannabe.\" Very interesting!
\"@salesdan48:  Why is Anthony Weiner attempting to run for Mayor ?\" Because he is delusional!
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
@JTHolder2010  Great!
\"@FrankRomeo31:  @garthdahdah don't forget SUCCESS! The most complimented cologne in my collection... by far!\"  Thanks!
@RealDougClark  Great!
\"@Ter2885:  just bought one for my son's bday celebration to Vegas! #gorgeous\" Great!
@maggieaveu_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!
\"@ElliotD224:  do you think Bloomberg is a good mayor?\" Yes!
\"@JackLypka:  how do you like the Dallas Mavericks' chances tonight against Phoenix?\" I don't!
\"@garthdahdah: “: I hope everyone goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts ; suits” [love my DJT Ties - Thanks!
@_CASSmoney_  Thanks!
“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
Obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike DHp3L2DdQj Enjoy!
“Donald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthday” UMN4QpgmHN via @HollywoodLife
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - RbD4ihqTom
@AlxG21  Thank you!
@DanSt_Schwind Thanks--and good luck.
@SandeepSrih @TrumpChicago   Thanks!
@RogerBiles @EricLahti929 @nbc   Thanks!
My @HollywoodLife interview w/ @MELANIATRUMP discussing her debut on @ApprenticeNBC ; her skin care line UMN4QpgmHN
\"@mersjm1:  Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? SGI4oBcWp6\"  I never got a tattoo and never would!
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
\"@EricLahti929:  @nbc -- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network!\" Thanks Eric, many agree!
\"@SoCalCharles:  @mbb2792 @WWE People still watch that?\" Thanks!
\"@davidgrieve:  what’s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :( @ApprenticeNBC\" Going back to two hours - ratings
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
\"@mbb2792:  congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @WWE\"  Sorry haters, but  people loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night
\"@CpacDean:  you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind\"
\"@aakash4cesc:  will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF\"  Thanks!
@BrosHoban  Thanks!
\"@bryanice1: Ending my life. Thanks !  Bryan, don't do it - you have everything to live for!
@riggs_deb
@Brian_Legit
@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow
@StephenHCornell
@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller
@thefarfar
\"@miketilley13: Prepping for my job interview by reading \"The Art of the Deal\" by  Inspirational\"  Good luck Mike!
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF vwomJQMmo4
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF e3sn5WhbTS
Talking with @SammartinoBruno backstage- jIYw6Tjja0 #WWEHOF
\"@kennyp1966:  nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments, your family has to be your greatest\"
\"@VirginiaDG: #ProudToBeAFanOf very successful and inspiring \"
What a great group! NTtjAWnrnU With @Schwarzenegger, @SammartinoBruno, and @TripleH. #WWEHOF
\"@PrinceWatercres: @VinceMcMahon inducts , huh? Can't picture anyone else doing this. #WWEHOF\"
\"@K33MOTHERAPY:  #Trump Is HOF !\" Thanks!
\"@WWEmarissa_54:  and @VinceMcMahon at #WM23 was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget! @WWE #HOF\"  Thanks.Marissa!
Fellow inductee @SammartinoBruno and me. #WWEHOF B3qYZS4Ptc
Here I am with @trishstratuscom #WWEHOF eRU4iewrxM
Watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. NvmU0GfFPn
Family group shot. #WWEHOF Q4kwLrWxI4
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF fBxho8MWgh
Making my speech. #WWEHOF aJInsaEbug
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF 5VW83b5EfZ
Always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #WWEHOF. FTcHOuhoLZ
Watching the show. #WWEHOF 64ck6O78h3
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF 0pOoh6ixWC
\"@Scooter41471:  congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC\" Thanks Scott!
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show.
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. 6xqMVkiMHl
Watch me get inducted into the #WWEHOF tonight at 10PM on USA. I will be posting exclusive behind the… tuB8UVokyw
It was great seeing @Schwarzenegger at the #WWEHOF. H9WCzThC4a
“\"Pennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on earth.\" – PM Margaret Thatcher (October, 13 1925 – April, 8 2013)
It’s Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
@Red_Head_Ed @JoseCanseco @thejbrain Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
@thejbrain Thanks!
Follow me on Instagram- cwnjS0VBPz
Here I am with @IvankaTrump and erictrump presenting the WGC @CadillacChamp Trophy to Tiger Woods at… q02V8RY6Hw
I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom ; democracy---a great leader ; ally of America.
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
My @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report, getting ripped off by South Korea, 2016 election ;  #WWEHOF klReS5C1Ox
Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
.@foxandfriends interview re: North Korea, firing @dennisrodman, job report, @MELANIATRUMP’s debut ; @WrestleMania EaFwVQxXeG
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!
@angie_ncislover  Have a happy one!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice ; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing… #CelebApprentice
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
\"@rab4488:  @BillMoyers @PBS @JeremiahWright Bill Moyers is a good man---1000 times better then you are\"  He is a dummy!
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
\"@MajideDan:  But WHY only one hour?! I need my two hours of crazy. #celebapprentice\" Next week until end increased to 2 hrs
@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor
\"@airpacee:  I don't even follow u and I love you\"  Very nice!
\"@bonnie_obe:  congrats my role model!! I always look up to you,boss.\" Thank you!
:  @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country\"
\"@luwfcrule:  When will Apprentice USA be back on UK TV? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the USA. SOON
\"@TheSportsSwede:  @ec364 Bush murdered thousands of r troops ; wasted trillions $ in a needless ; senseless war-Iraq. TRUE!
\"@mercy_flawless:  I kinda like the tattoo you got. Check it out guys! FZpkX9UByO\"  Dopey, I don't have tattoos!
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
\"@ChrisColgan:  - Congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time\" Thank you!
\"@Jesus_Mohammad:  should I get the red Donald trump tie or the blue Donald trump tie???\" Get them both at Macy's-thanks!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno.
\"@GiovaChris: \"@SammartinoBruno:  and I backstage at WWE Hall of Fame. A great man and good friend. 8FMQzJbwZQ\"\"
\"@IronMan1021: I think after watching his roast I've realized that  is super fucking bad ass Props to you sir\" True - thanks
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
\"@realBrianBuxton: @fluffyguy why is  even at a @wwe event?\"  Ratings asshole - I'll bet in life you are a very big failure!
\"@HelpUServe:  donald we are always supporting other countries\"  often times because we're stupid - we make bad deals!
\"@ec364:  where's Sadam's billiions of $$ after Bush invested American taxpayer$. We were too stupid to take it-loser pols!
\"@seandburke: I would pay cash money to see @TheRock bodyslam  just once. #WWE #wrestlemania\" He is not strong enough!
\"@therealHamzeh: One of my idols \"  A geeat compliment - Thank you!
\"@jdstravel: @jdstravel  Do you have a helipad at Trump National LA?\"  Yes!
\"@thejbrain:  America needs you in 2016. Your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.God bless
China is pushing North Korea!
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
@RicardoHernanG  Great going Ricardo!
\"@BeaumontAnthony: . Great picture Mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the UK your resorts are the best\"
\"@salesdan48:  Can't wait to see the finished product. Another Trump masterpiece ..... As usual !!!\" Thanks Dan re. Doral!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing! Wv6uYBgaKh
@keiththoms @ApprenticeNBC Original schedule but going back to two hours.
@JordanKnoxville @ApprenticeNBC Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
@GAPools Either is great.
@PhilipMyrer Wow!
@OurColorado @emilyhoms Thank you.
@blazey53 Great, good luck.
@ckmagic32  Thanks Mark.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
@__Mickey_Mouse Thanks Basil.
@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk  Okay--hi Maria!
@BuzzFeedPSA @Lood800  Four.
@trentnanny09 Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.
“The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, followed by new episode at 10 PM.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump ; @MELANIATRUMP together!
RT @IvankaTrump: Check out my May Redbook magazine cover. Very exciting! #Redbook xVp4QhZ3IL
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care ; high taxes on horizon.
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people ; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Tell me, which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
\"@trackdonny:  . Thanks for spreading the truth about China and all Donald trump. You rock brother. Donny stjohn Sag. Actor\"
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
\"@Mr_Asuaiko: one day i'll be rich and powerful like my mentor \"  Great!
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!
\"@rodmonium91:  Will the Mavs make the playoffs, what do u think Mr Trump?\" No, Mark Cuban is a loser!
North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
\"@thisiscen: If you're not following  on Twitter, you are missing out on GREATNESS. Do it.\" Thank you!
\"@mfon_essien: One day I'd shake hands with  - my business and leadership mentor.\"  Work hard and good luck!
\"@MGSeneca:  you and your TV Show #theapprentice are tremendous. Watch it every week\"  Thanks
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great
\"@JAW44444:  best season of @CelebApprentice yet! Great television! :-)\"
\"@imredwingfan:  truly the best show on TV....\"  Thanks!1
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyard’s Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia... H2CwH8Yopm
RT @MELANIATRUMP “@ApprenticeNBC: Her beauty lives 5,000 miles past Heaven. Edhyw5oupw ” Thank u @THEGaryBusey!
Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
I have a gift for my loyal viewers of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, Mrs. @MELANIATRUMP debut on this week’s episode Edhyw5oupw
\"The bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.\" – Anonymous
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field.
Now AP is banning the term \"illegal immigrants\" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo PpW4oXKM0K  Make no mistake,  some of these will be shot at our troops.
The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
“Relax ; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the Message
\"Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income\" 4bXfmA4jxy \\
RT @RealBHorowitz: @VinceMcMahon  @WWE My two favorite billionaires!
\"@VinceMcMahon To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Induction\" J4KKaRmrAK via @WrestlingInc  #WWEHOF #Billionaires
Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary  of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):  “Imagine a World Without Hate” LWbuwYdXpu
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
\"@FuriousBlaze:  @WWE You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with \"global warming\"?  Good move changing the name to \"climate change\" - sad!
@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others).
\"Free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation, but for life satisfaction.\" - Arthur C. Brooks
\"You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes.\" ― Ronald Reagan
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!
.@BillMoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @PBS.  Here Moyers coddles @JeremiahWright eGK5T7mrq4
Via @UrbanTurf_DC: \"Trump Releases Renderings For Old Post Office Building\" cE5CKtAPYm
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
China has control over North Korea!
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
With Dr. Dror Paley ; Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago. iw9h3Qa6Y5
Bob ; Suzanne Wright, co-founders of @autismspeaks  have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners.  RA4hEXKNwC
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.
Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourself—because if you don’t, no one else will either.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
...\"Apprentice\" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
Sacrificing our nation’s bravest for  ungrateful Iraqis = great for China. China is taking majority of the oil U94jvw9pGT
.@michellemalkin ; @BuzzFeedAndrew: “Vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine” E7B0kydeXl
The only place where our \"border\" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions ; then have them deported.
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
@higginsane Hi.
Via @thehill: \"Trump warns GOP moving too fast on immigration reform\" BW5LGUglDc  by @JonEasley
\"‘Better Be Careful’:Donald Trump Warns GOP On Immigration, Creating ’12 Million’ New Dem Voters\" omz1wUYtCX via @Mediaite
“Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.” - \n    \nGeorge Steinbrenner
@WWE Archive:“DONALD TRUMP'S GREATEST @WWE MOMENTS” YAbjUQS07D When I shaved  McMahon's head in @WrestleMania XXIII
My @foxandfriends interview on risk  for @GOP on immigration, wasting money in Middle East ; firing @OMAROSA  Cp5lkJpz2A
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie…
In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems ; are working hard to come back.
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
@South_Said  Good luck.
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support ; he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
\"@bucksfan2012:  - Did you hear the cheers from Ohio??! Celebrity Apprentice is back to being my favorite show!\"
\"@denicarter:  @EricTrumpFdn @StJude @EricTrump Your children are GREAT role models and you are a terrific Dad. xxx\"
\"@drstardis:  some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its Mr Trump.\" THANKS Cory!
\"@lucaswilson911: I will never be persuaded to not be a  fan :)\"
\"@lucaswilson911:  PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!! Yay! I'm your number 1 fan!!! I will die happy if you respond to this tweet :D $$$$
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
\"@emilyhoms: Going to keep tweeting until  realizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman\"
\"@mcs3289: Who is the better boss? Mr. or Mrs. Trump? Can't wait to find out next week!  @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@nysportfan4life:  Will you be at the Yankee game tomorrow?\" Yes!
\"@palemamba713:  #CelebrityApprentice is AMAZING. Love it\"
\"@MoorePhilly:  Love every minute of #CelebApprentice.\"
\"@kg08tj:  #CelebApprentice the best show on tv, all my #mba classmates are loving it to, #bestshow in North America\"
\"@natalicious40: Yay! Yay! Yay! @OMAROSA is gone!!! Can't wait for next Sunday!  YOU'RE THE MAN!!!\" Thanks!
\"@collinsva: @ApprenticeNBC officially #CelebApprentice is back to being my favorite show! Thanks \"  Great!
\"@TheRayGallimore:  #CelebrityApprentice most powerful show on the network! No other television series comes close to it!
\"@madccat1:  love @CelebApprentice . Favorite show of all time...every time!\" Great!
\"@FutureCutler:  Couldn't be happier! Now #CelebrityApprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv!\" Glad you are happy!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
\"@TheNewMrsTim: My dad ; I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen! \"  Thanks!
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
Whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn ; Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice
\"@FlamboyantFag:  a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspiration\"  Wow, how nice!
\"@justivanjames: The only person I enjoy following is \"  Thanks!
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice
.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search, it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
\"@jmc_Johnson:  Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointment\"  As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
\"@KimStagliano:  When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here, Mr. Trump.\" They should Kim!
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
\"@SullyThinks: why is  not the president of the US right now?!\" A very good question!
\"@thejbrain:  Very well said. The United States needs people like you to show what truly leadership means!\" So true!
\"@kaiser1859:  what is the solution Mr Trump?\" LEADERSHIP!
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
\"@Thaddalicious:  should be president, he knows what he is talking about #rolemodel\"  Thank you!
\"@tonyantoine321:  Great advice. Yesterday, I listened to your audio book \"Think Big\" for the 2nd Time.\" Great!
@gramma421   Not recent, long term support for the autism community.
\"@FashionArtlady:  DT, do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the USA?\"  Yes!
\"@violaC72:  sir, the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks\"
\"@RocRx: RT  Everybody should contribute ; fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks\"    GREAT!
@GenaLeeNolin  Thank you GLN!
Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
\"@nikkio:  Just read book \"Contagious, why things catch on\" - reminded me of u --ur one of a kind! :)\"   Thank you!
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan ; @OMAROSA.
Everybody should contribute ; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
Please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic wfD6wmF1uF
\"@HeatherMama3: I watched the  on #Letterman Great interview, this man knows how its done. Pure class! He has my vote.
\"@TwitOvershare: “@koznneffect:  mr trump, you are a brilliant man!”  I agree, but thanks!
\"@jpressler: I bet Matt Lauer is really grateful for  coming to his defense like this.\" Unfair story by third rate @NYMag.
\"@JaySuch: Hey . My 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. We picked you.\"  A great subject, should get an A.
\"@Benhrysack:  you were awesome on late show!\"   Very true - thanks!
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
\"@KevinGSmithJr: . - I often times don't agree with you politically, but I enjoyed your Interview on Letterman. Thanks!
\"@DMBGreySt:  @NYMag agreed. I won't be renewing. I got back issues that are paper weights.\" Bad people, false writing!
\"@elisa_oggero:  late show Was great!! We all enjoy it!\" Thanks!
\"@ForexBoxusd:  Mr. Trump, Class-Act @Late_Show you are a one of an kind classic! #trumpforpresident.\"  Thanks!
@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!
Thanks for all the nice comments about the @Late_Show last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.\n  32Ygc2ACa9
Adam Moss, editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring ; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
Terrible economic numbers released today. US GDP only grew 0.4% during Oct-Dec 2012 quarter i8pTLtCMf3 Great news for China.
...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goal—look at the solution, not the problem.
Practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
@maffucci93 True and thanks.
@TheMayorMatt My father, Fred C. Trump.
@BigBobScott I will.
\"Once you consent to some concession, you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are.\" - Howard Hughes
Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
\"@onakoyaa: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study . Great Man!\"
\"@pdattolo79:  was amazing on Letterman. When are you officially going to announce you are running for President in 2016?
\"@ChayaLa:  Trump for President 2016! #weneedyou\"  Thanks!
\"@lucasdowns11: Speaking from a military point of view, I want  as my Commander-in-Chief.\" Great compliment - thanks!
\"@ctobin22:  letterman's ratings were off the roof. Was it the TRUMP effect??\" YES!
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
\"@avedders:  you're the man! You should run for president!\" Thanks!
\"@JOECIOLFI:  worked @ theBrick here in Canada 15 years sleep on the Trump mattress, taught 1000's to sell it. Fav mattress.
\"@Nnamdos: If you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude, study .\" Thanks!
\"@brandonzappi:  Trump for president 2016, this country needs a different kind of change\"  Thanks!
\"@MICHELLE_GRACE_:  loved you on the letterman show. I have a whole new respect for you! continued success\"  Thanks!
\"@WORLD_KIDS:  are your sold at .@walmart? .@akmackey\"  MACY'S!
\"@fugle_tony_328:  You are awesome!\" Thanks!
\"@randycoggins:  my dad is a pastor here in lakeland, FL at bridge of hope.. Always wears a trump tie!! #success Great!
\"@MemeFYG8:  You're inteligent, awesone and honest! you are my idol!:')\"  Thanks!
\"@CherylGravino:  I wish you had run for president! You are a very smart man!\" Thanks Cheryl!
\"@mkerob:  great appearance last night on Letterman. First Stern, now Dave. Two awesome interviews.\" Thanks!
\"@TanmayShekhawat:  was incredible as always on Letterman. He surely knows how to handle it.\" Thanks!
\"@DoctorEdsMom:  Just watched You on Letterman. You were Brilliant! Such a well-fed brain. I enjoyed You
\"@conservativeJT: @bluejoni  Trump is an American that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life.
\"@Tid4Prez:  this interview made you look down to earth. Romney should have done Letterman.\"
\"@jorgekb:  great interview, always interesting...congrats!!\" Thanks!
\"@golf4oregod:  great job on Letterman.\" Thanks!
\"@MichaelScarbrou:  Good Job Donald. I'll call NBC a see if they'll giv you Leno's spot..lol\"
\"@FCVladJoseph: : You forgot to mention that you're going into the WWE Hall of Fame.\"
\"@Ilove40s:  should run in 2016\"  Thanks for your nice thoughts!
\"@sarah_e_smith9:  did AWESOME on Letterman! I just love him!\" Thanks Sarah!
\"@J_R_II:  you were awesome! Honest, personable, intelligent!\" Thanks!
\"@lizzyOconnor:  is just amazing, made my night watching him on letterman ! #trumpnationaldoral !!\"  Thanks Lizzy!
\"@Greener17wing:  ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a Canadian #yourhired\"  Thanks!
\"@jeulrich:  is far nicer and real on Letterman than he is on twitter\"  Interesting!
\"@thatboyred:  you did awesome! Always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the GOP and joking on you. Great!
\"@Hoggoblin34:  Great job on Letterman. I have always been a big admirer of yours.\" Thanks Jim!
\"@CarmineMig21:  u were great\"   Thanks Carmine!
\"@akmackey:  You did great Mr Trump! Wife and I watched. Loved your Walmart answer.\" Thanks!
\"@jevonk:  I thought you did a great job with Letterman.\" Thanks Jevon!
\"@MaryPortwine: Loving  on Letterman! Could listen to him talk all day long. You say it like it is and that's why we love u!
\"@coll4734:  Run for President and have David as your wing man.\" Cute!
\"@craigashwood:  Nice job Mr.Trump! Smooth, relaxed, and in good humour.\" Thanks!
\"@scottinapac:  paired very well with Letterman tonight.\" Thanks!
\"@Higgie0:  @Late_Show... watched you Letterman.. Good Job! Your Hired!\" Thanks!
\"@TheRonnnn: Nice job  on #letterman.\" Thanks!
\"@DArmstrong23:  awesome job on Letterman! Thought it was a great, funny interview. Invite me to Doral!!!\" Thanks David!
\"@thomas_waller:  Great job! Way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. Your always a class act!\" Thanks Tom!
\"@DeannaSpillyard:  Although I cannot speak for them, I think you made your family proud.Great job! : )\"   Thanks Deanna!
\"@NickDallman:  did an awesome job on David Letterman!\" Thanks!
\"@thejbrain:  Awesome as always!\" Thanks!
\"@wahb528:  great job. Very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights.\"  Thanks!
\"@kellyfrias:  I always enjoy your interviews and think The Apprentice is terrific. Looked great on Letterman.\" Thanks!
\"@iHealthQuote:  You were great, you are always genuine.\"  Thanks!
\"@KennethLaguer:  you did great on letterman\"  Thanks Kenneth!
\"@Joe_Lanser:  you and David letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! Great job!!!!!\" Thanks Joe!
\"@513pango:  please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016??\" Thanks for the nice thoughts, Mike!
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
\"@philzentz: RT@SeanHooligan6:  I live in Maine and let me tell ya Wind Turbines are a Disaster.
\"@THE_OBM:  I am a local Aberdonian. The coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile, ugly turbines.\"
@AGALLEGOS32    Thanks!
\"@nicla_b:  @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 was doing the same, thinking, salmond has lost his mind
\"@Markyoungco:  @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1 Hasn't anyone learned anything from TBoone Pickens' disaster.
\"@kalevans:  Iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! Sad distinction, farm land lost!\"
@Markyoungco @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
@slainsview Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values ; lives will be destroyed.
@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!
@jessilin02  Fantastic food--thanks.
@spewrange Thanks--@HowardStern is great!
@CreelKen  Hope I do well!
@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value ; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money.
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.
@nashvillebobby Thanks Bobby.
@MisterMcFlee Thanks--and good luck!
@thedealszone @washtimes Thank you.
@SmallTwnBigNews Kate--All my best wishes to you.
@TheMayorMatt  Interesting and often true!
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer ; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity ; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
Via @RoyalOakPatch: \"Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship ; Meet Donald Trump\" nyatYnkz3O
Last night's @extratv 's interview by @MarioLopezExtra of gorgeous 2012 @MissUniverse @oliviaculpo W00xFiWw0I  Great job!
In case you missed it, last week's @extratv interview  with @AJCalloway discussing Tiger Woods ; much more 2WrbUpiP0W
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people ; has serious financial difficulties.
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
\"@specialk211:  I really miss @bretmichaels on All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge?\" Yes!
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
Many of @TigerWoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Many people look at successful people ; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
FLASHBACK: “Hiding evidence of global cooling” hnlbB6et6K @washtimes “Scientific data” is cooked!
Via @scotsmandotcom: \"Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events\" KGqYWiKPLH
@SeanHooligan6 @AlexSalmond This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
\"Donald Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about @OMAROSA on '@ApprenticeNBC'\" iKbkSCtTfT @TODAY_Clicker
Via @washtimes: \"Donald Trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in Cyprus bank skimming\" K3LkNvub2o
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
FLASHBACK: “Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber” 54NrLMvDcY @telegraphnews ...
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is “experimental” ; has no track record delivering energy. AfLacitNL4 @guardian
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
…al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
@UberBurgers Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
@Javi8104 Great--good luck.
@SamRyzen Thank you!
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - \"NEVER ENDING COLD\"
@JoelKrautter   Very good Joel!
\"@kindlerusso: I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for \"    Wow, how nice - thanks!
“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, ; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs ; R;D, the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ...
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago. s2j9iRNfMA
China’s top academics are working w/ PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets ; R;D T82A4yCPAP They are laughing at us!
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China, yuan just hit record high against dollar sEbQQycPmf  Very sad!
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard.\" Think Big
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
@KiltedKrew Thank you.
@ChristalGraceG Thanks, I appreciate it.
@crainey777  Thanks Chuck.
Even the liberal CRS is now reporting Obama Care will cause 200% premium increases  T8K3UB2RJn  Surprised? @Newsmax_Media
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?
@jacob_mastro You may be right!
@DickDarkey @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  Watch next week!
@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
@AgostinelliNick @DonaldJTrumpJr Very nice, thanks.
@hollywood74 Thank you Nadine!
@AimeeTruchan @ABFalecbaldwin @StephenBaldwin7 She is a fabulous woman!
@disneycuty @StephenBaldwin7 Thanks Jennifer.
“Donald Trump to visit metro Detroit in May” qXMQ5KZmCI via @wxyzdetroit
UK is freezing through longest ; coldest winter in over 50 years WJitoHw6LM Where’s the global warming? @gatewaypundit
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Uh oh… @OMAROSA ; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump at CPAC: What Really Happened \" BHWKpJeWqo
Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY ; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
.@LaToyaJackson ; @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
\"@CShanton:  wish we had politicians that were like you... Maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016\"  Thanks!
\"@EN_Somat:  Your Apprentice is so much better than ours in the UK. You're so much better than Alan Sugar!\" Thanks!
\"@inshapp776:  I just stayed at the Trump hotel in Vegas. I love it!!!\" Great!
\"@cjrj49:  please don't forget us people on the west coast #nospoiling\"  I won't-thanks!
\"@TheDorkKnite: #MentionSomebodyYouWantToMeet  The Man, the Myth, The Legend, The Donald\"  Thanks!
\"@katiedoodlebug2:  yay can't wait Donald, you are so cool\"   - and so are you - thanks!
\"@Slim_Shady2o3:  yay i cant wait mr trump! You have the best show on tv on sunday nights!\"  THANKS!
\"@meenah83:  .. Are you ganna tweet live?\"   YES!
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
\"@Marco_Masucci: @MaryChayko  is my favorite celebrity in the world! I can't believe she met him.  Great and thanks!
@kumite67   Thanks Brian!
@CharlesRBennett   Thank you - a great compliment!
\"@JIMHENDLEY81:  I agree Donald Please run for president. Your alot smarter than Hillary. America needs you.  Thanks!
\"@William8311:  2016, 2016, 2016! Get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!!\" Thanks.William!
\"@jeanpierreaboud: I wanna be  when i grow up :p !\" Work hard and smart!
\"@AllysonWardBrkr:  what the world needs is Trump for president so the world can start making sense again.  Thanks!
\"@RealRoesch: @MatthewDoyle33 SICK!!!!  is my idol\"   Thanks Austin!
@realMikeShapiro   True Michael!
@philzentz     Thanks Phil!
\"@hailllluminati:  better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him. #conservativepride\"  Thanks!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
\"@warrencasselljr: @CTrain_ The truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say  was right!\"   Many people think so!
\"@yassinomar: The amount of Trump Towers in New York City is ridiculous. No simple man can build such an empire like .@realDonald  THANKS!!
\"@CTrain_:  Honestly who gives a shit where Obama was born? It's where he lives now that's the problem\"    Interesting!!!!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Via @NorthvillePatch: \"Donald Trump to Speak in Novi This May\" nRUeWrd8bW
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
\"Trump organisation backs community battle against substation\" TSEWVVEldm via @STVNews
.@TrumpGolfLA is ranked the top course in the West MYiwkyfiVU If you're in the area, book a round today.
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
.@Mediaite:\"Donald Trump Trashes @michellemalkin On Twitter:You're A 'Dummy' ; 'Were Born Stupid'\" GvXu5VibMk @AndrewKirell
RT @EWErickson: Personally I think it is awesome that  listens to @DLoesch on the radio. She's awesome.
@michellemalkin @igo4par  True.
.@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!
@jimmymcgreevy Thanks Jim!
@SharleneH  Thank you.
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
@ChrisStackStacy Thank you.
@cbalfer Very nice Chris--thanks!
@Dafny01 Do not give up, keep moving forward.
@michellemalkin You were born stupid!
@1fos1 Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing?
“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert Einstein
There won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted @WrestleMania ; then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs.
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Problem with @GOP is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
According to @pewresearch, 2/3 of Mexican LEGAL immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’ Vfias8bxlo
“Here’s something about Donald Trump, he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.”-@DLoesch  All true!
Yes, All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.
It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. You’ll thank me!
Via @scotsmandotcom: Via \"Donald Trump makes plans for Menie Estate marquee\" ktIrMDOKzj
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
It’s snowing ; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
.@mcuban  Mark—nice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!
@IanRambally   Great going!
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
\"@Champion278:  I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version\"    Thanks!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals ; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Why do the losers ; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
@MartinFagervik  Win!
@RealHotwaffles Thanks.
@chrisr52 Happy Birthday Christine.
@balloon_69 @AFCHaywards  Good luck!
@miawesbrooks @dcexaminer Very nice!
@MsCattitude1 @ApprenticeNBC Great and thanks.
@nycal821 @nbc @CelebApprentice Thanks Cheryl.
My shirts, ties ; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over ; check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
Shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @FoxNews is factual 4VV5VzpAvJ  What a surprise!
. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
@t_thabane Happy Birthday.
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
“Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101
@DolehNYC Quite nice, thanks!
@bburt2367 Trump, by far!
@ChesterStarr @hardball_chris Chester--unreal.
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great!
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
@FatmaEmadi Thank you.
@jaynielea Thanks Jaynie.
@jcfields13  Thanks Jason.
@yokoono John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
“Donald Trump Takes on Apple @CPACnews” gMk9tEBX7R via @kmbznews
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
.@SouthJerseyMag, “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
@tinaclean Yes and best wishes.
@MandMpanelbeat Thanks and good luck.
\"@lfoshie: There are 2 people with whom you don't want to be on their bad side- God's... ; 's!\"  I want to be on God's side!
\"@whatitlooklike9:  @mcuban nobody is on the dons level. Lets be honest donald trump is the man\" Very nice, thank you!
@c_hanson800   Hi Chris!
\"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.\"  The Art of The Deal
@MarcPhelan Thank you!
@WusongTweet Thanks Wusong.
@Mike_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!
@asiandave89 Thanks David!
@THESethFriend Thanks Seth!
@Ashonair101 Thanks Metalchick!
@jrocco_96 @mcuban I have none!
@emilyplacido @mcuban Emily--true and thanks.
.@mcuban  Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
\"Donald Trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the White House tours.\" 48iaCr3YSC
Congratulations to @Likud_Party MK @dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by @IsraeliPM @netanyahu.
If you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step…
@HayesRutherford Yes and thanks.
@CforColby Hi Colby.
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq ; its oil.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
\"One of the most obvious lessons on @ApprenticeNBC is for the candidates to learn to think quickly.\" - Think Like a Champion
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak ; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 ; Huntsman ’12.  She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
@jrkirk22 Thanks.
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
@__Jibz True!
@ilpostio  That's why I'll never be Pope!
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, coming…
It was just announced that @ErinBurnett won’t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old \"common sense.\"
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is.
\"Americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of Obamacare.\" Bx39Mecqff via @Newsmax_Media
.@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smart, but people liked her. @OutFrontCNN Jeff Zucker’s got problems!
For beauty and flight, I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet ; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC! 2r9pAI8uI6
.@ErinBurnett’s @OutFrontCNN ratings are so pathetic, she even loses to @hardball_chris at 7PM which is replay of 5PM qZh8pjzKgg
Via The Hindu @businessline: \"Realty brand Donald Trump’s India venture to sport desi tag\" A4lmkjmhmi
I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!
.@hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address, something his operative said he planned to do...
.... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.”@BreitbartNews
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
.@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!
@dennizenx   Thanks!
@Doyle5sMom  Thanks!
\"@geeopee:  why are you wasting your time with Cuban?\" You are right!
\"@kimfloyd2012:  ... hope you have a great day! Loved your speech at CPAC.\" Thanks Kim!
\"@cathmiriam: Love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to  are poor idiots with no sense. #playnice\" True
@niecey911logan  Thanks!
\"@entrepreneur: Just for the record  has authored more #1 best selling books than @mcuban. #winning\"  10 to be exact-thanks!
@BillDaley1   True!
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
\"@Julzz:  you got bankrupted 3 times, who the hell trusts you with anything\"  I never went bankrupt, moron!
\"@Greenolive_r: @mcuban is trumping the trumpster himself \"  Where do you live, moron.
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
@JackVoices   You are correct, but he is so easy!
@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
@KatySutherland6   Great!
\"@johnbravo_1:  @kmac5911 @mcuban Hey Donald! What's the best confidence builder?\"   Going against losers like Mark Cuban!
@byoppjr   We just blew it up dummy!
@ArsenioHall    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
\"@tomxconn:  took wife Jenn to your 16 in Chicago, had great time! Impeccable service!\" Thanks!
@DavidMcClain328    Thanks.
\"@afielding1984:  when you next in Scotland Mr Trump? We miss you!\" April and thanks!
\"@Ashbash032: @Nautilus916  lucky for me I don't live in America, I live in South Africa...\"  Bad news, we need you here!
\"@Taurus_Lovin:  - My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas the other day, gotta say your Trump building rocks!\" Thanks.
@roannasweet  Not even close!
@bearmntn  But I like picking on losers!
@borland_jim  Great!
@kalevans    Great!
\"@sisson_travis:  when's good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimMitchell\"  In September
@DonaldJChump   Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
@roannasweet   Not even close, dopey!
\"@kmac5911: who would win on the golf course  or @mcuban\" Did you ever see Mark swing a club - the power of a little girl!
@Cleggermeister  Thank you!
@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!
@babyguts666   Thanks!
\"@STAR13R:  What a show last night! I couldn't believe the outcome! C.A. has been my fave show for a long time!\" Great!
\"@Ashbash032:  don't waste time on your haters!Let them hate, you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushaters\"  Great!
\"@OWhiting147:  we know you hate Mark Cuban but what are your feelings on Kevin O'Leary?\" Never heard of him!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
\"@ThisNBAgirl:  You are not as smart as Mark Cuban, no matter what you think. Keep to what you know. Lets do an I.Q. test!
\"@n_vranas:  @dallasmavs @okcthunder ur a pussy trump @mcuban is way richer than you\"  Not even close, dummy!
\"@benjamin_abey:  @mcuban @dallasmavs So? what the fuck is your problem ? The people love him. Nobody loves him!
\"@MagicJeff:  @dallasmavs @okcthunder how many rings do you have? #donthateontheCubes\"  Nine billion!
\"@salesdan48:  Mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. Mark my words.\" I agree with you-and a loser!
\"@LynchZC:  I think the real solution here is you running for president! Give it a shot! We need it. Thanks!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the Deal
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Sexual pervert ; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
Great article by @jameshohmann @politico explaining why @KarlRove was biggest loser @CPACnews QHnym5AjPG James is sharp.
.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss ; @okcthunder swept the season series.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 ; 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
Via @realitytvworld: \"La Toya Jackson fired from 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice' by Donald Trump\" gGM0aOLIZu
New @RNC report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform.” 0kOuA0ttCJ Does the @RNC have a death wish?
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1, I go out ; play it one more time until the new course opens.
.@TPNNtweets \"Donald Trump Tells A Fascinating Inside Story About His Dealings w/ The Obama WH\" 6s8AzXMjrp @johnhawkinsrwn
.@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
Via @WTCommunities: \"Donald Trump to CPAC: Romney 'Didn't Talk Enough About Success'\"  4UsYbfzNYu by @HuizingaDanny
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
Via @PoliticalTicker: “TRENDING: Trump a right-leaning tower at CPAC” xY0H0Lw4mX by @KilloughCNN
“TRUMP HITS BACK AT CHRIS MATTHEWS’ BIRTHER RANT: ‘HE USED TO BE A MUCH MORE INTELLIGENT MAN’\" bBlm1jymlr  @MadeleineBlaze
Via @DailyCaller: \"Donald Trump: Obama should golf w/ Republicans, not his ‘local friends’\" 4y6IfSi4bn by @NicholasBallasy
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
\"Trump at CPAC: 'We Have to Get the Momentum Back'\" jOr15wfw1X via @WSJ's @WSJVideo
. @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal, my #CPAC2013 speech, @RealBenCarson ; firing @latoyajackson EbcgZeM7Kf
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.
Via @NRO:“Trump @KarlRove, ‘Most Overrated Man in Politics,’Responsible for Ashley Judd’s Rise” 1kgJSU3kjH @elianayjohnson
Via @CBNNews:\"Exclusive: Backstage Interview w/ Donald Trump at CPAC\" laDvR3t7DJ by @TheBrodyFile, Great seeing you David!
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
True, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, she’s becoming predictable.
.@Omarosa is not winning points, being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
There’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  ; @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40,000 to Michael’s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
Great line from @TheGaryBusey:  “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance… #CelebApprentice
\"@gaphotoman:  . If mr.Trump would run he would be the best president ever\"   Thanks!
\"@simonkodousek: You may not agree with , but he knows what's what! Keep being truthful and REAL!\" Thanks!
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
\"@realbryanbirse:  was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook?\"  Sadly, yes!
\"@helen39639472:  I think that you should run for President and be elected to that office. Good luck in all you do. THANKS!
\"@MrBrandonCraker:  Mr. Trump I love you and Celebrity Apprentice!!! You are awesome and should be president. THANKS!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!
\"@Crystal_Joanna:  That's because you bring clout to anything you do Mr. Trump...Remain blessed!\" Thanks, really nice!
\"@RealJonJenkins:  I spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the Trump Intl Las Vegas. Amazing place you've created.\"  Thanks!
@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
\"@LinRo_2: Looking forward to the Apprentice tonight.. ..show is still going strong !!!!\" Enjoy it Linda!
\"@paul1994loan:  Big Q Did you shoot your age?\" No, but close!
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!
@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
Huff Post \"His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday\" and packed by end! The facts.
\"@dubenezic:  Great speech. All true. Some of it sadly. #CPAC\"Thanks Bob!
\"@TheSisko:  you HAVE to run on 16.\" Thanks!
\"@libertybellskp:  you were great and are great...keep on plugging away\"  Thank you!
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
\"@orangeeffect01:  Chris Matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. Poor Chris !\" I know Chris well-he is a lightweight.
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
“TRUMP TO CPAC: BUILD A GREAT ECONOMY” bVF89yZOFJ via @BreitbartVideo
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: TRUMP STUMPS... OD9NFMqbPd
\"Donald Trump CPAC Speech: U.S. Is Run By 'Very Stupid People'\" O2JLKmoNnh via @HuffPostPol by @elisefoley
Via @BreitbartNews: “EXCLUSIVE: TRUMP SMACKS BACK AGAINST MEDIA ATTACKS ON CPAC SPEECH”  oIDZHOQa6I by @mboyle1
\"CPAC 2013: Donald Trump: Immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for GOP\" WdMLJcXZLL by @SethMcLaughlin1
\"The Donald Goes to CPAC: TV star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of America\" zDbXgxbI5R by @Kredo0
“Donald Trump: The View Will be Better without Joy Behar (Video)” WrBlcvnGlY via @gatewaypundit
Via @BreitbartNews: \"TRUMP TO REPUBLICANS: 'PLAY THE DEBT CEILING CARD'\" 5yE8vD0HRq by @joelpollak
For accurate reporting of my @CPACnews speech, read @PoliticalTicker, @Newsmax_Media, @politico, @HuffPostPol....
......@DailyCaller, @BreitbartNews, @DRUDGE_REPORT ; @gatewaypundit.
@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky ; hack.
Boring ; failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today......
..... He knows I don’t respect him.
Via @DailyCaller: \"Trump on Obama and Congress: ‘Lock them up’ in a room like Vatican conclave\" tug50QvUni by @NicholasBallasy
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump: @KarlRove ‘The Most Over-rated Man in Politics’” M80DdoFJrF
I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
\"In the general course of human nature, a power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will.\" - Alexander Hamilton
.@mcuban has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
...Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).
There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
Obama hasn't released a budget in over 2 years ; for the 1st time House ; Senate delivered budgets before him pN2WpKYAIl
CPAC attendees ; fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
Via @espn: @dallasmavs “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the West” 0aSXZajop1
When @mcuban had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally “bombed!”
I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small part of that show.
Interview w/ @AndreaTantaros discussing my WH tour offer, @KarlRove's terrible ads ; Ashley Judd's candidacy 1be8KyfHqM
Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
@trader_greg  Thanks.
@RickStone1282 @Yankees Thanks Rick.
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
\"Donald Trump explains celebrity feuds: 'I speak the truth'\" LxiPL5mf2g via @DigitalSpyUS
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot ; also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours \"Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ...
.... Do I get the credit for this? Thank you!A6sq5ZhpE9
Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way.
@dennisrodman Thank you Dennis.
Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior ; winner.
@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the \"New\" Blue Monster @DoralResort
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
Via @politico: \"Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio\" tmaQY6EUl0 @CPACnews knows how to prioritize!
@heyavampirebat Good idea--I wish him luck.
@vcross8 Agreed, they're doing a great job.
It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
\"Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours\" SRmOzoijSW via @Newsmax_Media
@msmarjc Thanks Mary.
@hrtbrknomore74 Thanks and good luck.
@karlbstumpf Yes and thanks.
@grantgphoto My best wishes.
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment @makeitvisible Donate to DmUbLiVfxP
Help fight autism--go to QLmCf48aWb,  website for MQeWJcNir3, donations ; government activation.
Autism Speaks, head up by Bob ; Suzanne Wright, does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! To help: QLmCf48aWb
@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!
@rantanrave @Cpac Thanks!
@Peruvianmuse @CPACnews  Great!
@HammerleAmanda @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
@JeffZephir Thanks Jeff.
\"If you love what you do, you are going to work harder, you are going to try harder and you will be better at it.\" - Think Big
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
\"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.\" - Steve Jobs
“Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch
Hamas has warned Pres. Obama not to visit the Temple Mount during his trip to Israel C3drLo8wCs
@gllleymon900000 Thanks Spence.
@WilsonLeeFlores Thanks Wilson.
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN ; cable news networks.
Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence ; doesn’t back down from sharing her views.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
Via @NRO: \"Palin, Trump Get Longer Speaking Slots at CPAC\" by @KatrinoTrinko olxqYtp6Dz
Via@politicalwire: \"Trump Offers to Fund White House Tours \" qRSqk5oF7F
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump Says He’ll Foot Bill for White House Tours\" YF8blvnFDn
\"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.\" - Albert Einstein
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
.@Graeme_McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force ; gave up looking for work.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap ; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
. @deesnider is a great guy ; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
@BrandenRoderick Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #Trump
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
My @foxandfriends int. re: Tiger’s victory at Trump @DoralResort 's @CadillacChamp, my WH tour offer and CPAC 0O5h4FUFVU
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.\n\n--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Which team is your favorite?
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept ; presentation.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
“ACU ANNOUNCES DONALD TRUMP TO ADDRESS CPAC 2013” mzmSh6VZFQ via @CPACnews
Surprise – China has spies throughout NASA stealing our R;D e3MjOud1mU When will we ever make them pay for espionage?
@Ziggi92  Good luck.
Follow Trump @DoralResort’s WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board here at @nbc's @GolfChannel 2pka1VmdBz
RT @DoralResort: Thanks! RT @gem3wood: @DonaldJTrumpJr You guys @DoralResort have one hell of a leaderboard. Love this Tournament.
@axelpals Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.
Via @MiamiHerald: \"Donald Trump aims to bring luxury to Doral Golf Resort ; Spa\" fUZujcYRsn @DoralResort
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
“You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.” – Think Big
Golf is a brain game ; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique ; passion...it's all there.
@melpoluk  Good luck!
@Hallmarr Hi Hallmar.
@JAW44444 @CelebApprentice Agree--thanks!
@SavvY_PriNceSS  Thanks Becky.
\"@amowjf:  You are a true champion.. just started a company n I'm reading ur book 'the art of the deal' ..tremendous help..
\"@Read_N_Learn:  first day at Doral was awesome; greens looked perfect. Can't wait to see the course after your changes\"
\"@codyaa722:  are they going too low for you at Trump Doral?\" Yes
\"@No_Average_Joee:  you should run for president #genius #Trump2016\"  Thanks!
\"@j_pala:  what's the next step you accomplish so much, is there more?\" Much more - stay tuned!
\"@lbstatkidd1977:  @WWE named you as #3 greatest celebrity moment\"    Great!
@melpoluk. Great
Via @Newsmax_Media: “Trump to Speak at CPAC” j4k5gEnPd0 @CPACnews #CPAC13
Via @USATODAYsports: “Last year, it was Tiger Woods with the walk-off” DZdvB95ztF @CadillacChamp @DoralResort #TrumpDoral
The WGC @CadillacChamp leadership board is available here: LaGlNjAuID @DoralResort
Via @si_golf: “Donald Trump, Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are guys to watch at @DoralResort” zck6hlt2Tn @CadillacChamp
“Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas Touch
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize ; develop that capacity.
Re: Decisions:  Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: \"What am I pretending not to see?\" This can save a lot of time ; trouble.
@a123r7o  Thanks, good choice ; good luck.
@SMK4ye  Good goal.
@PabloRaffaele  Good thing to remember.
@brad_mcmichael @DoralResort @nbc @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp  Thanks Brad.
.@morning_joe - Wow - \"Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC\"
\"@leoncarmen:  @melaniatrump great couple!\" Thank you!
\"@ClaudiaMota: Good Morning,  . I admire your leadership ; look forward to hearing you speak next week.\" Thank you!
@kstan500. Good luck!
\"@jguer042: Good morning . Started reading Think Big yesterday and already almost finished. Thank you for writing it\" Thanks
\"@ejpasseos: #CPAC ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting .\"    Are you surprised!
@joelalbright1. Great!
@sadatDM. Thanks.
\"@signoresifis: Huge fan of  i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. Big role model to me.     Thank you.
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
\"Trump has big plans for improving @DoralResort\" OCGx6P1Afv via @nbc's @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp
@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!
@Raul_Esquire  Thanks Raul.
@rcmillershow Thank you.
@jlynn_12  Thanks Jessica.
@xo_deannayoung Good subject, good luck!
My interview w/ @nbc6 re: @CadillacChamp ; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump @DoralResort qM7Zpaias2
It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt: \"DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC\" 8SuOqD2sQ6 by @michaelpleahy
RT @MollyCBraswell: WHAT?!  is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome!
Via @GolfweekMag: \"Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral\" knonn3fjPA by @BKleinGolfweek
Via @FOXSports: \"Trump 'blowing up' @DoralResort after WGC-@CadillacChamp\" Vjhtx9CXjZ by @AP
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
@CrewSawyer It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.
RT @CPACnews: ACU Announces  will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013!  Get tickets today at DtCbF2iWsl!
Via @washingtonpost:\"Donald Trump will speak at CPAC\"by @rachelweinerwp j9CIc54ZuU @CPACnews @AlCardenasACU @RGreggKeller
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
@Mike_Kelly1  Thanks Michael.
@TheEvanGruver Thanks Evan and good luck.
It’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. It’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral. 3HrWoG6Im9
@wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @Zak_Bagans  Happy Birthday Tiffany.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday ; see for yourselves!
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
@kennybud  If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.
@LaurieRobertson It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
@scheekster  I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.
@SvenIsaksson Thanks Sven and good luck.
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all week
Despite previous tweet, Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont) hWRVkgUDC1
To show you how dishonest some of the press is, they took my funny ; (cont) TJe9xzadbz
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
@M_Sallis Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
@MaryFallacaro Thanks Mary.
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
1.   Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter…...
“If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big
@misskhan  Thank you.
China has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war e9ZE2OrLqn Outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders.
Via @STVAberdeen: \"Donald Trump reveals first image of his new Aberdeenshire hotel\" JSpPvHtnmn
Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
My @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC ; politics yoeoJCJ4Rn
@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!
\"@IDKbrody: \": So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice\" TRUMP PRESIDENT 2016 Great
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
I can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but... 7LtrUa2JMh
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
@AllenWronowski. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
@Dattan78. Thanks!
\"@Dattan78:  thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can't wait to see you inducted @WrestleMania\"
\"@Dattan78:  what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 Hall of Fame for @WrestleMania. A great honor!
\"@Mjaybat2002:  @jcpost it's still publishing?\" Barely!
@jennyfromnexus.  Great advice!
\"@ZarkRiggs:  It's all about jealousy. You should just ignore their false reporting.\" But I'd rather expose them as losers!
\"@jcpost:  Esquire is irrelevant, mo one reads it anymore and no one cares.\" True!
@JBoyle007. True and thanks John!
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
\"@jjlyons_: How comes  notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! Read my tweets sir! Big fan. your my idol.\" Thanks.
\"@managerct25: Would love to get a reply from  Huge fan of The Celebrity Apprentice and supporter of Mr. Trump. Thanks!
\"@A_EduardoPeraza: you're such a role model i'm a big fan \"  Thanks Eduardo!
\"@JonReidHotchner:  I wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol' US of A any chance of that?\" Yes!
@splinter48708.  Thanks.
\"@BlakeSRobinson:  I can't wait for the big show tomorrow. I've had it circled on the calendar for months.\" Great Blake!
\"@smithg_:  should run for president next election RT #Trump4Prez\"   Thanks for such nice words.
\"@NicoleWallace04:  youre responding to everyone else BUT me don😢💔\"   Not anymore Nicole, thanks.
\"@SPORTSGURU77:  who's Chris Jackson?\" A total loser but a loyal follower!
\"@joshdefreitas1:  needs to next US president!!\" Thanks Josh.
\"@MikeMessina_:  I can't wait for the @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!!!!!\" Thanks Mike.
@RichDeLeo. Thanks Rich.
@juicetucker. Thanks Matt.
@Peace_Janise. Thanks Janise!
@MathemagicianUK. Thanks.
\"@stumalec:  can't wait for Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC tomorrow!! #bestshowonTV #yourefired #Trump4Prez\"     Thanks S.
\"@Coolness156:  Mr. Trump, I loved when you called into the Howard Stern show. It was so real and insightful!\" Thanks.
\"@MacPluto12: @Molly_Kats  I'm with trump!\" Thanks!
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!
@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!
\"@legsidelizzy: I do wish people would stop RT-ing Piers Morgan. A life without Piers in it is a much better life\"  Wrong!
\"@PJonCHYM:  Other than yourself - what's the ONE reason why I should watch #CelebApprentice this season??\" Gary B.
\"@jboyette42:  Hate @hbo and bill Maher. Love ya Donald. Lets buy some property together. Great deals here in Fla\"  Thanks.
\"@stevesms1960:  just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!\" Thanks.
\"@stevesms1960:  just purchased a few Trump ties. Great styling!\"
@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
@lmward7. Thanks.
@scottybuoy13. Thanks!
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
@dgibson120. GREAT!
@jostephan
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!
\"@ForeverMcIn:  how much would it take for you to make out with Rosie O'Donnell?\" One trillion, at least!
\"@Peace_Janise:  Celebrity Apprentice is not just great entertainment, its also schooling for the business world.\" Thanks!
\"@lilisportsfan:  Mr. Trump will you be at Doral next week so I can shake your hand again on the 5th tee?\" Yes!
@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!
\"@JulieWind:  Mr. Trump I just love your show. I have seen every season!! Thanks it is great entertainment! Julie Wind\" Love
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
RT @TODAY_Clicker: Get ready, @ApprenticeNBC fans!  promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. gwnxAHzIDa
@Bittersweet008 Thanks Kayla, enjoy.
If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --\nMichelangelo
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big
@realRoseIzzo Thanks Rose.
Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbart’s passing. Andrew’s mission ; legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNews
Due to popular demand, @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard ; quick. Rebuild the US first.
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.
Newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
\"Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom\" k8fXpzG546 via @BW
@FashionFindsbyR  Thanks, enjoy!
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
\"@dwade85:  just book Trump Las Vegas, for a few nights vacation with my kids (15,13,10). Will we like it?\" Yes, is great!
\"@JosephbyNature:  The Apprentice.Great show!\" Thanks.
\"@CCtscan2:  your opponents can't compete against the ratings machine that you are.\" Thanks, very nice!
\"@Petercorio:  mark Burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. Your Producer is also your opponent?\" Don't care,love to win
I am happy that \"The Job\" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
@saphoros
By popular request,  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
Thanks Matthew!
\"@RavDaddy:  who should they looking at?\" I would tell@ CNN if they were smart enough to ask!
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say \"no way\".
\"@RoxanneQuintana: @hollyrpeete awe, get better fast little one.xoxoxo\"  Thanks Roxanne.
\"@samijok:  do you think #JodiArias is guilty?\" Yes, no doubt
\"@JimmieJScott:  Did you ever think #TheApprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long?\" No, but who ever knows.
Thank you - so nice.
\"@Candynecklace2:  I love love love Mr. Trump he is my hero 😘❤\" Thanks.
@MyStudentApt  Thanks Rob and good luck.
@pammygb  Good work, Pam.
@osaFoLmiK  Thank you.
@JackieHearns  Thanks Jacqueline.
Do  not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.\n--Ralph  Waldo Emerson
As China is built on corporate espionage, currency manipulation ; cheap labor, its economy is a ticking time bomb YEPSWFPm6l
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.
@JediJerad  Thank you.
@TessaHartmann  Thanks Tessa.
You haven’t seen fireworks until you see @OMAROSA ; @piersmorgan go at it again! Let’s just say it’s no happy reunion…
\"Donald Trump Explains Why He Called Django Unchained 'Racist' In Tweet\" a5JyhZJ3ux via @accesshollywood
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard ; love it, u will find success ; luck.
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBusey’s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
\"Donald Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'\" SszvLZfDN6 via @HuffPostTV
Via @AP: \"Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom\" tnIEsOtng5
@allanlarson Swing hard.
“To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson
\"Being the best requires full-time attention and application.” – Midas Touch
@MWiggans @ESPNGolf @CadillacChamp  Thanks M.
@generalsam1971  Wow--very nice, thanks.
@Looayg  Thanks and good luck.
@AdrianaStuijt Thank you.
@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76
@mena_le @ApprenticeNBC Wrong--not even close!
@NYMag  True!
@MissCastilloH Thanks Gaby.
@KenBroadwater  True!
@EricGBassett  Mostly my father.
@BiggLogz This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on @nbc
@JTBone97 7 months.
@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.
@JTDixon_Inker Happy Birthday ; enjoy NYC.
@misskhan  Happy Birthday.
.@DeeSnider, @StephenBaldwin7, and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday... HgtY00PY4Q
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY.... pjMVG50pXv
Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!
Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!
@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.
@clstromgren Many people have said that.
@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!
@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Where’s the problem?
\"@mrsafetyman110:  where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet\"  Just have no choice but to move forward.
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
@WetzelDrake @ApprenticeNBC Thanks.
@ed_the_honest Thanks Ed.
@stacihogan  True!
@nal53199  I will.
@CraryJohn There is none.
@TexasBlingMom Interesting.
@BrooksStephen @marissamayer True and thanks.
@kat3500 Fantastic.
@sdcrane @marissamayer Excellent.
@scotty752 Thanks Scott.
@lynk339  Thanks.
What is wrong with the @GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama suADjO8dm0 Pathetic.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran ; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
The Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is Florida’s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: ASKmlsjaOL
My @todayshow show interview with @IvankaTrump discussing the fierce competition in All-Star @CelebApprentice utHv15BhYN
My interview w/ @WendyWilliams on @WendyShow discussing @MichelleObama's bangs ; All-Star @CelebApprentice AeL7q5uNL3!
Via @WWE: \"Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame\" 2mIN4GnTIX
Flashback: \"Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral\" oQacXJR2oL via @ESPNGolf. Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is one week away!
Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
@RyanTheDee  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
@TheRealChosen1 Thanks and good luck.
@ialia  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
@emanaydin  Made a mistake but will recover.
@pfgabriel  Yes and thanks.
@Thomasbrennan01 Great architect!
@BrianSchnitzler I often ask that question myself.
@Lifelongcane  True and thanks.
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough ; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice 7TkGkF0Up9
\"Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'\"ozoAePwPeL  via @Salon
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
Via @TODAY_Clicker: \"Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'\" wI4TsEQDpE
The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church...
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. 6EI29eLGmn
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
…..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
@amize_ @mcuban  I win, no contest!
\"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined.\" --\nHenry  David Thoreau
Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success”  is the best scent ; lasts the longest. Try it ; let me know what you think!
@HvrhRump I will--thanks--\"Success\" is fantastic.
@pga4terry @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks Terry.
@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
@scherroe  Amy is terrific!
@jtalboy @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  True!
@GjelajG @ForQ2  Thanks--very nice.
@IngrahamAngle Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!
@seehorse72  Thanks Kim.
@Thomasblack2013 Sunday March 3rd on @NBC at 9 PM EST
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
@bkfViking123 Thanks Bryon.
@KyMdeLange  Wow, what a great honor--thanks.
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
@Trish3D @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  He's great!
@pzpower @WWE  Vince is fantastic!
\"@RyanTheDee:  I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Stunning.\" Thanks
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
\"@andrezakar:  just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump.\" Thanks
\"@b_stander:  I read your books, and I think America would do itself a favor to elect you as President.\"  Thanks.
@KarsynSharp
\"@blueice67:  can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice\"   Thanks.
\"@kaskman2:  Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again , i have watched Every Season #yourfired\" Thanks.
\"@melissa7889:  @JRACKER33 you should run for president!\" Thanks,very nice!
\"@my_deeary: I wish  would teach me all his little secrets to success\"  Good idea!
\"@GringaLinds:  Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back :)\" Thanks.
\"@Paul_Christidis:  You are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment\" Thanks.
\"@rpbriggs:  on @HowardStern tomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview.\" Thanks.
\"@JRACKER33:  2016... Running for President? #Trump2016\" Thanks.
@JaylonSeales
\"@CrimmsNchin:  your the man Donald . #Trump16\" Thanks.
\"@EliTheFourth: ., I emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. I look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accredited\"  Thanks.
\"@ChrisCannizzo7:  great appearance!\"  Thanks.
\"@camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps \"          Thanks.
\"@mailloua:  The all star @ApprenticeNBC looks awesome from the clip I just watched on @jimmyfallon!!!\"    Thanks.
\"@RileyJSwanson: Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight, he was sharp as a tack. \"   Thanks.
\"@taliahfogal: One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitely , hands down #success #truth\"  Thanks.
\"@jesscot: @kuhpuh @pennjillette awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and  ; @bretmichaels\" Thanks.
@HoppMar. Great and thanks.
\"@MrMikeLobikis:  Proud of you, bruh.\" Thanks!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
\"@Peace_Janise:  I'll be watching! Break a Leg!\" Thanks.
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!
@preewbrfu1  Wind turbines are a disaster!
@BryanTash Thanks Bryan.
@LefteyDowns @austinroneil Great!
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10.  Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher, sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse, is attacking him.
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
\"But why shouldn't I speak out? Don't you speak out in this country?\" -  George Steinbrenner
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands... Uw4i68Iaxt
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
\"Donald Trump Reviews Oscars: Django 'Racist,' Ceremony 'Boring,' Set 'Tacky'...\" jTKC39NjjA via @eonline
@GjelajG  Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.
Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Competing for @RedCross, Trace is great!
I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight.  Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, \"Success\"!
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
... Also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
\"Donald Trump: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer Are Right; Employees Should Not Work From Home\" 1SPTPRyFcT via @HuffPostSmBiz
Via @BleacherReport: “Donald Trump to Be Inducted into WWE Hall of Fame” DZp3qyeSbZ
Via @MiamiHerald:\"Donald Trump to be inducted into WWE Hall of Fame\" TjYgctD0IR
\"Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.\" - Michelangelo
RT @austinroneil:  Thanks for all the inspirational quotes. Helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :)
\"Set your sights and aim high. You never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it.\" - Midas Touch
@NewYorkATM. Thanks.
@Keval_Camden. Thanks.
@DeasWorld. Thanks.
@RockShannon108. Thanks.
@reidtruuu. Great!
@teaparty321. My honor!
@mike121z. No!
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
@RamiroDamil. Thanks.
@whalinn5. No but thanks.
@Jorkellett. Interesting and thanks.
@MJGrilliot. Thanks.
@turrizal. Thanks.
@TheOnlyCdorsey. Thanks.
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
@paul1994loan. Thanks.
@David18Graham. Thanks David.
Wow, I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4/6/13 at @MSGnyc- M17OakYuSx
RT @NRCC: Good to hear  is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate: RhGNVk4O9r
China is buying gas fields in Texas G6tW5gSKti ; stealing our corporate secrets...
... ; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms Rl6qWCtQZi
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America – windfarms Rl6qWCtQZi  What a joke!
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration ; promised no tax increase JIqUIuQE09
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
Via @Mediaite: \"Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky,' 'Boring' Oscars, Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained\" waUqC4zO8R
\"DONALD TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS\" hd3C9kEOUy via @theblaze
My @foxandfriends re: the sequestration, failure of leadership in DC, China playing us ; taking over in 2016 afsPIhiTrj
My @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary, our $17T national debt ; 2016 election qErq7ascac
Via @Mediaite: \"Trump to @gretawire: Sequester Cuts Don’t Go Far Enough’\" Ua77Mg90d5
@JMarkTiller  Thanks.
@RPMNANA Thanks, good question/good point.
@bethosborne14 Thanks.
@JUrciuoli19  I will.
@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People buy deals ; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
.... It is a very effective ; commonly used business tool.
@RoxanneQuintana  Thanks Roxanne.
@dynomike3 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
@jaderomaine  Thanks and good luck!
@JUrciuoli19 Very good!
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility ; just hate.
Why do losers ; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
@FL_RichieRich. Great.
@Arjuwan. Great and thanks.
@5thmcfly. In April - thanks.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
I've had enough of this - good night!
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Very tacky set!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Here we go with the Oscars!
@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex.
@MKasun. Thanks.
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!
@wobby_sobby wow Timmy;thanks..
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your \"rally\" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's.
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!
@farm_mom. True.
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
@japotter81. It will be great.
@ringalenegotti. Thanks.
@BillWhiteNY. Thanks Bill!
@RifenburgTweets. Thanks.
@TheCrystaShow. Thanks Crysta!
@robertgwinjr. I hope so!
I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
@JoeQuinn6. Thanks Joe.
@Shopgirlusa. Good idea.
@piano807  Thanks!
@ErolYalim  Yes, she is very tall--5'10\"
@Legit73791728 Thank you.
@Ukfan71  Thanks.
@Kennyshosho  Thanks!
“In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
...  Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings ; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
... Will be there front ; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
\"Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.\" -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
\"Donald Trump visits Doral resort, says he’s allaying neighbors’ concerns\" 2r4ft6rIfv via @MiamiHerald
What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
@MandasueHeller. A Hall.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes ; @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Interesting article by @newtgingrich @HumanEvents: “WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG” zy7zOtd9ZV
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
@JamesRobert_  Hi Robert--good luck.
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
@Jamyawh. Thanks, great.
@trooper0017. Thanks.
@SandyOgg1. Thanks Sandy.
@lp084. Thanks.
@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me.
@jennymorris427.  Thanks Jenny.
@ff3476. Great.
@InNovember2012. Thanks.
@AndeyR. Thanks Andey.
@AndreaMoorehous. Thanks.
@Katt8808. Thanks K.
@RobertSuppa. Thanks
@Yolie4MS. Loser!
@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan.
@michaellunsford. Thanks Michael.
@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal.
@Maybach_Zach. Thanks.
@michaellunsford. Thanks.
@chrisbarno. Great Chris.
@sufiology. Thanks.
@MichaelRubinton. Thanks.
@LivesayRobin. Thanks.
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!
@jschwab2. Thanks.
@RickyTheBitch. Thanks.
@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks.
@zachcb1. Thanks.
@sebspikes. Thanks.
@MissyNewman12. Thanks.
@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
@CATHCO9. Thanks.
@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony.
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
\"The Job\" on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!
\"A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.\"  Harry S. Truman
@America4RandR.  Thanks!
@iCyberSurfer Thanks Paul.
@leatherneck03  Thanks and good luck!
@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!
@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!
@LoadedNightclub. Thanks.
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone hZAtJ4Mg  Enjoy!
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good – we need it.
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people ; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin ; Staff.
Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
Via @kmovnewsfeed: \"Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club\" ZN5bPimk
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!
My @ WCNC News interview w/ @DianneG touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course ; facilities  Jhnw0jOg
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct!  SpE1Y14w
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties ; shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
My ties ; shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!
Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
@tommo1903 Thanks Craig!
@josephc45  Do you understand sarcasm?
@TGSituation  Thanks Tyler.
@walexjoe9   Thanks!
@bguzqueda Thanks Boris, good luck.
@Josephciarla Thanks Joseph.
Review your work habits ; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.
@angieevanhorn  Thanks Angie for your comments.
@scottgray0622  Thanks Scott. .
@TaylorSangOrDie Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
@JerryYanks  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
@BobLo_Lady  Thanks.
@Ralphige Thanks!
@tylerponton I will.
@louriz  Thanks Lou.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes.
@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks.
@mrstuckerx.  Thanks.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
\"Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself.\" Donald J. Trump
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
\"Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner\" VQGjpUhX via @MLive Record  crowd expected.
Now China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts H6nGFh8l . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat ; rival.
Good news - @AFPhq is going to fight back against Rove’s attack on the Tea Party UiAfH2sm Go get em! @marklevinshow
Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
.@billmaher says that \"the Iraelis are controlling our government\" zOtJEvs6 @HBO. Let's fire him a second time.
“Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus.” - Midas Touch
@Diego_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
Via @theobserver: \"Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'\" nlxWpxBM
“Trump: 'I like North Carolina, we are looking at another deal'” 1X2IbZ1i via @WSOC_TV
\"I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers, you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly.\" - Dr. Jerry Buss
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, premiering March 3rd on @NBC, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
My exclusive @WSOC_TV interview with @BlairMiller9 discussing Trump National North Carolina ; future deals 1X2IbZ1i
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w/@TigerWoods, US Airways-American merger ; oil C868hkJf
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
@KayWiggs  Thanks!
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
@TJKnox8.    Thanks.
@SucioGato.  Thanks.
@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
@erinstockwell.  Thanks.
@marissanail25.  Thanks
Great going.
If I’m the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.
“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington
Looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.
@goonerdad52  Hi Chris.
@jrzbeach  Thanks Eileen!
Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on @HowardTV.
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte, is the premiere club in North Carolina. M0CTvJMT  Will visit tomorrow.
@gleasondp  Good idea.
@mistdriscoll  Thanks, see you tomorrow.
Looking forward to speaking @acnnews International Convention tomorrow morning in Charlotte, NC hhlUeV5M
Via @freep: \"Trump to speak to GOP\" DY1hNItg
@RealMissHIUSA13  Thanks Brianna!
@chrisgd61 @ApprenticeNBC @OMAROSA @THEGaryBusey  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC
@Craigkotter Thanks--will be great!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA ; @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
\"Trump: Rove 'Made a Fool Out of Himself'\" xEwmLwdh via @cnsnews
Via @theblaze: \"Donald Trump on how Rubio should have drank his water\" tm8tzTUO
@bryanbrager #1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.
I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
@Reed11593  Thanks Adam!
@brandonarantes  That's right, hard work it is. But worth it.
@mattdaddyX6  Thank you.
@nydave77  Keep at it!
@philegl That's good news! Congrats.
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
@Cynlanjoh Keep up the good work Cynthia.
@Preppermeister  Thanks and good luck.
“Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big
@MooreReva  Good. Never give up!
@WRousey @marklevinshow Thanks Will.
@DomMarino21 Thanks Dom.
@hosscasey  Happy birthday Matt.
@sfyfe_n Thanks Neil.
@RuRu_89 thanks
@rosscooker thanks
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
@JMBruh @jdmael  Complete is good.
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
@sassy_grunch @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  Seriously!
@MichaelJDGregor  You're absolutely right.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
@MamaBabyHood Thanks--keep up the good work.
@Andresrojas35 Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
@mandielaurin Good!
@jdmael Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
@nwsocialist Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
No surprise, with the talk of amnesty in DC, illegal immigration is picking up in Arizona eYAeRve4
Not only did Egypt destroy its civil society w/ the Muslim Brotherhood, now it is a complete economic mess 36traf1o
@MicRoger  You're right--billions.
@JohnSSaba It will be great--thanks.
@EAWIII @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you Edward.
In my office with Banana Joe, who just won the @WKCDOGS at @MSGnyc. NH5qBCDN
@KayBee0h @acnnews And I look forward to it--big crowd.
@mayorgas  Good! and good luck!
@makeupwithme7 Thanks--work hard every day!
@PlsCloneNugent  Thanks Susan.
.@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone, including @GOP, they will continue to fight on
@jason23_9 @deesnider @ApprenticeNBC  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air ; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
@foodnfocus Happy Valentine's Day!
“Trump: Rove Gave Us Obama” dZsvNujP via @cnsnews
Via @BW: \"Donald Trump Vows to Fight Scottish Wind Farm Plan in Courts\" YflcMfhS
Via @BreitbartNews’ @biggovt: “WAR! TRUMP, LEVIN PUMMEL ROVE AS CONSERVATIVE BATTLE ESCALATES” x1SJhcgv
@tonystang Thanks Tony, good luck.
Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!
@hialexcarlson Thanks--just common sense.
@DorianDehari  Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.
@alexlyonnn @KendallMcVey  Sounds interesting.
My @marklevinshow interview discussing Obama's SOTU, Rove's attack on the  Tea Party ; All-Star @ApprenticeNBC CDHL7XqP
“Donald Trump on Mark Levin: Karl Rove is one of the most overrated people in politics” nmKm5cTF via @TheRightScoop
@David_S_Ballard  True!
@meliabila Great--and good luck!
@thomasfuller46 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Thomas!
@HisBloodSaves Great school--thanks!
Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
@McHaleFrank Thanks and good luck.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
@EvaMannarino Hi Evelina.
@gilbertobm Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
@Goofyname  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
@RACentrone  Thanks Robert.
@MaryGraceDH @TrumpToronto  Thanks.
@uptownfrills @ApprenticeNBC Definitely exciting.
@uptownfrills  True!
@dtcairney Great success!
@ElishaNEWS  Thanks.
@RayshaCanup  Will be great--thanks.
If US Air ; American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocket—there will  be no competition.
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
@JUrciuoli19 Happy birthday!
Wow, Trump International Hotel ; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
@chinnis_28  Today.
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
@marrs_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!
@bragg_tina Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”
@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
@ECNew_York  Thanks!
@yadapup I will try!
@paulkay220  Great and thanks Paul.
@CaptainNdiet  It will be great!
What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending nHRFTsJd  Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!
@TheJBish @billmaher You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal ; lots of others, including television.
@79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
@mrdemain27 Thanks Darren.
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
@MamaBabyHood  Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.
@mattwalker1809 Anytime!
@BeckettGOP Thanks Brian and good luck.
@JulesPQ Thanks--glad it was good.
@DellaAdame Much worse!
@Emeka89 Thanks!
@steffanpiper Very good!
@Sunderscore20 Very nice--thank you!
@jma187 @billmaher Interesting!
@KenToidi8 @billmaher Yes, but we must act soon.
@droppinloads29 @billmaher @Rosie But Rosie is smarter than @billmaher
.@SenRandPaul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@NMcCay  Yes.
@ZKoppe Work hard!
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
@nydave77 Good luck!
@ixfor  Okay, great!
@amelionaire69 Thanks Amelia!
@jesslivin Hi Jessica and thanks.
@KariDAway2388 Thanks Kari.
@JarredPolseno Thanks Jarred.
@DalHines  Thanks--they are good kids!
“The harder you work, the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player
@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
@TRACECOWGIRL @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice .@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy!
@rubletz True--isn't it sad!
@eddiecash23 Great and best of luck!
@RVPAndrewZ Looking forward to it--thanks.
@parrguy Thanks Tom.
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.
@ellis38671w Thanks--work hard ; good luck.
@harrell_kelly Thanks Kelly.
@EAWIII  Thanks and good luck.
@madisonjar  Yes.
@JUrciuoli19 Not a bad idea--thanks!
@Justinjacosalem Thanks--but they should get a life.
@Belloved21  Very nice, thanks Rachel.
@assyrianvoice Thanks.
@bfree007 Definitely worth it.
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
@parisitony Just a small percentage.
@kevinrleyland  Interesting!
@UTCRAGER Thanks.
@OpskopPromosies  Hello.
@toyeenb @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  True!
@mayorgas Thanks!
“Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin Carson
NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
@kateywhitey I am right--current tense.
@scottjfata I like Joe Paterno and his family.
@BCDorris @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC Well, Trace will now have a second chance.
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people ; get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter...!
@pathselo  Good luck!
@Traceybabe8  Work hard and keep at it!
@carsenadeline Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!
@DougTammy14  Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.
Check @billmaher’s background ; you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle ; probably won't last long.
The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.
@wmtoddc  Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord @amspec: “Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP” HjXwYW4G
Great news - @TPPatriots are starting their own Super PAC to fight @KarlRove 5DDAL4NZ (via @thehill) Go get em!
@Millionayer  Hi and thanks.
To all young college graduates – stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. They are out there.
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple, but it works.
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed ; can’t feed his family hENySoiT Everyone can get welfare but this SEAL can’t eat!
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
Sorry, but @piersmorgan is a good ; smart man who is doing really well. That’s why he won @ApprenticeNBC.
It’s okay but why do the haters (; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
“Trump to build second Scottish course” sXl1FOGt via @UPI
.@MelaniaTrump looks amazing in 2000 @SInow! HSUce8zr
Via @GolfweekMag: “Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland” 7KfurkFH
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place ; doing really well!
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain pFQ5cnmz We must do better or we will be Greece.
Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans ; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare ; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
“Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor” P2jeGOG8 via @SheKnows
What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
Via @BET: “Donald Trump Blasts Beyoncé for Suggestive Super Bowl Show” MlYD7hc4
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay
RT @IngrahamAngle: Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to play/learn/like golf.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
\"Trump: I Love the Tea Party, They Love Me\" 8ZyxOaEs via @Newsmax_Media (cross posted on @foxnation ADIeeJw0)
\"Thanks to Donald Trump\" gnwAPXRi via @AmSpec. My pleasure Jeffrey!
“Donald Trump: ‘Karl Rove Is A Total Loser,’ So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?”  q2RldzhB via @Mediaite
“Donald Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans” g3hkBchy via @SunSentinel
Great column by @howardfineman on @HuffPostPol: \"Karl Rove Is Done\" qvhdmPo8
Why does @KarlRove lie about his Reagan credentials? LaxNktFQ He’s a Bushie through and through.
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Via @politicalwire: Tweet of the Day IdOhU932
Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat! zSd5J3IS
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest \"special\" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of \"a special\" is that? Complete garbage!
Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
@JAKESTADGANGSTA Thanks Jake.
@MrCunningham89 Thanks Cam.
@Tahanigoingpro Thanks.
@MaryGraceDH Good!
@JXGriffen  Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.
@Ferretti911 Keep your focus and never give up.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
@MisterEspinal  Thank you.
@hoylier I was never a fan or defender of Bush.
@macbenz46 @southsalem But he will get it!
@chrisr52  Thanks, I am.
@darrengiven Thanks Darren.
@notdevondalton  Thank her for me!
@BGoldsmith26 Yes, if they fight!
@ATunaMeltOnRye  Good idea.
@EdwardAshton30  Thanks.
@jeff_m_hamilton It's about time!
@lucasg203 Good luck!
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
Ashley Judd Targeted by @karlrove's Super PAC in Ad (Video) mB1DB4l1
.@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.
@karlrove is a total loser...save your money!
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
@karlrove Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
@Adetonaoris Great, good luck.
@noslenevets  I agree.
@citychik_  Thanks Andrea and good luck.
Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
@chocolateB4bed  Thanks Michael.
@AfricanPriest Thanks.
The past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since WWII ptH3323X  Need to loosen regulations and lower taxes.
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
Hagel committee vote has been postponed as Hagel refuses to disclose all his finances FgsRDYXQ
@jkells2005 Know everything you can (update daily) ; cover your bases.
A-Rod’s forgery defense is blown qkZA3ufd The more he lies, the worse it's going to get. @yankees want out of his contract
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart ; careful.
@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal ; How To Get Rich.
@bahia6085 Thanks Suz for your comments.
Back by popular demand, this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
@rayk71 Happy Birthday Ray.
@yesterdaybyurs Take the time to make it great.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
@tbott22 @HowardStern  Thanks.
@Jconstantinides @HowardStern  Thanks Jimmy.
@saseret12  True, and thank you.
@EWErickson @hunterbaker Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!
@NathalieS_29 Once again, thanks Nathalie.
@clar68 Great, thanks.
@DJColes1 Great! Good luck.
@Candi2577  Great! Keep working hard.
@SOcean5 Interesting!
@EdwardAshton30 Thanks--food for thought!
@ericboucher True!
@denoforensics 100% true.
@jayceemccain Thanks and good luck.
@MooreReva @TMZ @HarveyLevinTMZ @billmaher Keep fighting and learning!
@Lurdkberry Thanks.
@Russ_Steinberg  Be careful!
Must read article: “Conservative Fury at Rove Erupts” iKQ7eFqd By Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec
\"Donald Trump, Ed Koch, and the Ice Skating Rink: A Tale of Bureaucracy\" hnDLpdAY @ActonInstitute
@scmaness Thanks!
@aaapgs  Thank you, nice work.
@zniosdig @MELANIATRUMP  Very kind, thanks.
@MegMMurphy @HowardStern @IvankaTrump Thanks a lot Megan.
@ColeneChia116  Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
@SocialMediaBowl  I have just responded!
@erikcantu Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.  Thanks Erik.
@DORISARTIST  Thanks Doris.
@pizzaman77 In retrospect I agree with you.
@Tiramis81858117 Wow--thanks.
@pennjillette Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon!
@EdwardAshton30  Yes.
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites ; possibilities ; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@ST33LY_DAN @HowardStern  Thanks!
@HancockMariana Thanks.
Democrats try so hard to mock ; belittle Republicans—; the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
@georgeNedelkof1 True and thanks!
@BarkyJason  Thanks.
@tomkatz @sternshow  Thanks Tom.
@MichaelCoffey1  I hope so!
@Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city!
@Jagadis63 Thank you.
@markrucci @e_hig  Great going Mark.
@IdiotSavant24 @billmaher Thanks!
@JoanneEileen Thank you.
@AGNateLee  Great!
“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911–June 5, 2004)
@jeannewmanglock  In Charlottesville, Virginia...
My @TMZ interview with @HarveyLevinTMZ discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against @billmaher to the end baL5LJ78
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted ; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) B9Q7UowK  You get what you vote for!
Now A-Rod is claiming that @MLB and @yankees are \"out to get him' GEZQWhHG  He should just get the hell out of NYC already!
@cmtoms101 @RightWingB Thanks, enjoy.
@MFBrooklyn True and thank you.
@odogpundit Thanks Owen.
@Jaine004 Thanks Jane.
@RicardoHernanG @CelebApprentice  Thanks Ricardo.
@DeedsJames  Thanks.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B CmDQ20a2 More money borrowed from China.
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  LeSD4aA3 ZSITLh8C
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday KO4Ptps3  No more aid.
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
@JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins Okay thanks.
Via @Newsmax_Media: Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' 6a1rJoUz
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
@phillykayman @sternshow  Thanks Andrew.
@TheRaja22 @sternshow Thanks.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@SMarsh7818 @Stern100 Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
@jtthebossman Thanks Jack!
@JoeStocks Thanks--will do.
@paulmilton28 @HowardStern Thanks Paul.
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @UncleRUSH  Thanks.
@bahia6085 True and thank you.
@spewrange @sternshow Thanks.
@NASCARNAC Thanks Ric.
@DerekPringle2 Appears that you are.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@NathalieS_29  Thanks Nathalie.
@moogoo3544 Thanks.
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
@KatherineTrunk Thank you.
@neilcromie Be smart ; work hard!
@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!
@HaiderMadHatter Speak to Vince.
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  Which hotel?
“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
@missshavon1 @CelebApprentice Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
@gordondhue Thanks.
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
@destinywyatt11 True!
@festenoc True and thanks.
@MaryRosesGarden  Mary--Great!
@chriswerner1988  Great--thank you!
@cheftramonto Keep going!
@JohnMark88  Thanks.
@toddclark  True and thanks.
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs ; lower prices.
Glad to hear @BrentBozell, @marklevinshow, @EWErickson ; @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea Party.
Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th – 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days.
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
Via @newsbusters: “Donald Trump Issues Statement Regarding $5 Million Lawsuit Against Bill Maher” 1us9Y3rA
My @foxandfriends interview re: @SuperBowl blackout, @BobbyJindal’s stupid comment ; suing @billmaher f/$5M nxPyVZM1
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
@e_hig  Hi Erica...and thanks.
@TNHicks  She was great!
@tomeitel @MattAdamsFoL  Great!
@1967porky  Yes.
@MassBucketry Then why do you follow me dummy!
@darleneflaherty  He was great--loved Kew Forest.
@klshrew  Nice--thanks.
@MdAhGOD  Work hard (and smart!)
@Brendamckinley  They were amazing, thanks!
@CathyConstanti1 @billmaher  Thanks!
@groovyhank  Thanks.
@loisleyn Thanks.
@RAPGAMEORTIZ Thanks--work hard.
@18_Chaz No discounts, only penalties!
@thisdj84 Yes--leadership!
@ErolYalim  Could be true--thanks.
@DrewMillington Actually, too many to pick one.
@995mu Wow--that would certainly be interesting.
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?That’s just another way of saying know yourself ; know your competition.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Wise words from my mother:  “Trust in God and be true to yourself.”  Mary MacLeod Trump
Wise words from my father:  “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.”   Fred C. Trump
@ErolYalim  Thanks and yes.
Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC!
$4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
@maggiedubh  Yes.
@tsecor Sorry, have to be a member.
@jeremygreen98 @Yankees   Yes.
@jamester49 Good luck.
@BeaumontAnthony @marklevinshow Thanks Anthony.
@omz213  Yes!
@TiffanyBrownInc  Yes and thanks.
@hellcat1963 @MailOnline A great beauty!
“I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal
“Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- @UncleRUSH
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
Now the Chinese are hacking @nytimes KWItGEhV ; Twitter Ycezq0L9 When will we hold these thieves accountable?
China is buying our shale and gas fields T4bu11CK ; Obama still won’t approve Keystone Rr94yvAV Pathetic!
China is about to acquire 82,800 net acres of a Texas shale oil and gas field T4bu11CK  What are we doing!
@z7one  March 3rd, 9 pm EST on @NBC
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
@robblapp True and thanks!
@jchorvath11 Thank you.
@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.
@BobHapka @sdoocy  Thanks!
If Karl Rove ; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
Be sure to listen to my interview today w/@SteveMTalk on @Newsmax_Media w1jZHVnL Congratulations to Steve on his new show!
@PRW_StaysFresh That's good news!
@Asklepios333 True and not good!
@mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@DavidBarringer2  That's right.
@GP237 Thanks--my honor!
@VuyolwethuManka Thank you very much.
@exider2010  And that's okay.
@EdwardAshton30 True and true!
@GradyMc Sadly, that's right.
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
“Donald Trump dedicates second Scottish golf course to beloved mother Mary” jVyGduGK via @MailOnline
I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
.@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
@misskhan  Thank you.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row ; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
@minlarrycornel  Thanks!
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
@JNorr11  Many thanks.
@jaypward  Thanks Jay.
Ask yourself, \"is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?\" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient ; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
“Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise, it’s not a partnership.” – ‘Midas Touch'
@Chiamboy8  Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
@DrewHemijk  Thanks Drew. Good luck.
@JohnNyire1  True--good luck!
@TerryScotland @AlexSalmond  Which they should!
@bennypagejr  Best buildilng and service.
@Mr_Oghene  Great--enjoy!
@SteelMagn New York.
As promised, my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
@nmbr8 @CelebApprentice  Thanks Deanna.
@JackieDee16 @CelebApprentice  March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
Bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30% of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they won’t be around in a year. apft7tpP
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
“Donald Trump to name golf course after mother” HonNqbkV via @scotsmandotcom
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Little @MacMiller—I have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference.
See ungrateful Little @MacMiller’s statement to me a year ago— GdRzptrB - he was kissing my ass!
@politcnews  Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel ; Tower.
@minlarrycornel @FOXSports   I agree.
@Hantas88 Not even a little bit--thanks.
.@CelebApprentice Flashback: “What @bretmichaels Learned from the 'Rock Star of Real Estate'” wf7Kj9Y6
Little @MacMiller, I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Little @MacMiller, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
Little @MacMiller, you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
“Let other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.
Yes, I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow.  Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence…
@dirkbockel  Thanks and good luck.
@TiffanyBrownInc @MacMiller  Not really!
“Faldo to rework two Doral courses” bkH9HwZZ via @FOXSports
@ktsarita  Good ideas and hard work!
@brianchampagne @oliviaculpo  Olivia is great--x10.
@StuartyPhilpott @johfax  I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
@NYCTiggy  3 minutes.
@RFussell Good idea!
.@IvankaTrump, @EricTrump ; @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in  boardroom of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?
Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks!
.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  Watch!
Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY.  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.
@ccade937  Thanks Cynthia.
Little @MacMiller—I don’t need your praise  - bJsnsZWw - just pay me the money you owe.
Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “Donald Trump” such a big hit. Mac, you still... JZjlCpZF
\"Well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate.\" -- The Art of the Deal
@mala13slp @BarackObama  True!
@Orangepop911 I do!
@TBrown2334  Not good!
@TheGnomeAbides Thanks.
@MikeKunert @JerryRice True.
@jeffcdl  That is indeed true!
@Jim_W_Magee Thank you!
@CJohnson623  Only \"one of\"-- but thanks!
@Rapone91 I agree!
@gotowardsthesun Good luck!
@Frankb550  Thanks.
\"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.\" - Napoleon Bonaparte
\"Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works.\" - Think Big
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M  W7OVfZvz  More money borrowed from China.
Pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. yb1xvK9m
I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
@Phatsdad  Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!
@Santini1014  Thanks--a great building.
@firefighter8597  I love that idea!
@RaydelMusic  That's great--you will love what we are doing!
@mena_le  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  I agree!
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a \"myth\" j7UmloXk
RT @theRealKiyosaki: Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect ; form a new innovation
Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning 9KxXa3CL @yankees don't want him.
Flashback: \"Donald Trump would fire A-Rod\" HtcHau5w via @espn, 10.17.12
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! qWh8FEmm
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming \"All-Star\" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
.@AlexSalmond See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities ZzeV8SfK
“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big
Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
@LoriWedgewood  Thanks.
@tjljunior @billmaher Let's see!
@VintageSmitty Eric--True!
@NLaSpada7  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  Marilu is a fantastic person ; really smart!
@cGjeezy Tea.
@donhall5  Don--a terrible story (fact).
@JustinHHSC  Wow--that's really nice!
@ErolYalim  Thanks Erol.
@bahia6085 @billmaher  Thanks--stay tuned.
@SPANISHFLYAR09 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Andy.
@wwws0  Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great!
@ridetheory  Horses went up also!
@LynnFiorenzano Thanks Lynn!
@largemarv74 @Yankees  Not even close but that doesn't matter!
@LeeSport7  Thanks--they are working on it.
@jamesche85 @Yankees  True!
@LetendreLarry Thanks Larry.
@MoeKharrazi  I love all sports!
@CherylCohen1  He's a druggie.
“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.\" The Art of The Deal
Just as I predicted, people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care V7Wzlv3b  Enjoy!
@DaraghRohan  Happy Birthday and good luck!
TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu is back in this year’s “All-Star” @CelebApprentice.  Marilu is a fierce competitor.
Via @pbpost:  “Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump ‘entertaining’” IfrQW4W1
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping 14oWOsux @yankees have a great opportunity to dump him now.  Go for it!
The new reality.  China’s economy ‘underpins’ global demand 1nAj93O8 Our leaders just watched as China took full control.
“If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. Rockefeller
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking ; buying houses—I hope you listened! (but there is still time).
@ellie_sinclair  Thanks Ellie, I will.
@Mattingly27 @billmaher Stay tuned!
@SandyInu We'll see.
@Cletendre21 @LetendreLarry But not hard enough--good luck Chris.
@LetendreLarry  Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC.
@VictorFrisina Me too@ A great place.
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago. TO29ptB3
I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
@hellcat1963  Thanks Ann.
@DanSchreibs  Dope!
@CHRIISXEDGE  Thanks Christopher.
@BeaumontAnthony @OMAROSA @latoyajackson @CelebApprentice  True!
“Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Maybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
U.S. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes IWxtjMr8  I told you so!
The Iranians are having 'difficulties' with their nuclear program PSBtMs2C  But no thanks to us!
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines.
Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen, Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy.
@InTheHere  True!
@mfantauzzo1  Thanks Matt.
@GuinnessCode  True!
@MarcoMateoOchoa True!
@mjhockey113  Not much!
.@PhilMickels0n_  is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous.
One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpost
Bought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service.
Radio interview w/ @seanhannity discussing @PhilMickels0n_ , why NY must start fracking ; staying in @GOP primary BM4fzwH3
Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!
“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The Deal
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501 Happy Birthday.
@VoiceNationLIVE  Work hard and smart!
@burnerirons  Hi Nick.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford
@RDPomin  Everybody says that! Thanks.
@NurseRichRange @billmaher  Yes.
@Alyx518  And many other countries!
@DrakeFrisby   But I doubt it!
@hamodavo @PrimetimeEmmys  But true!
@scootysee My pleasure.
@Elliotg1959 Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.
@enjorgetamez  Great!
@DirksMathias  Thanks Dirks--my honor.
@freeillinois  Yes.
@JoeBaker1234  100% real!
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
@MattyP941 Thanks Matthew!
@NathalieS_29 Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.
@3_lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 Check her records!
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for “top brand impact, 2012.” Thank you!
@VanessCeballos  Be concise.
.@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
@denoforensics Good idea--enjoy!
@jutkarsh  Great and thanks.
@euan888 @David_Cameron @AlexSalmond So true!
@euan888  Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines.
@sbair115 @gretawire  They call me names but that's ok?
@vincegraff  Because my mother was born in Scotland ; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
@cynthiawebster He had very bad advice.
@MaxwellPearson  Great!
@Elliotg1959 Have a great time at a great place!
@nicolenulton  Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate!
@jwizzle03  Hi Justin.
Wind farms are now being paid to shut down ufOONVXo A complete waste.
Via @BreitbartNews: “EXCLUSIVE - TRUMP COUNSEL 'CANNOT CONFIRM OR DENY' INTEREST IN BUYING NEW YORK TIMES” bvU10PdT
.@gretawire  Greta—you’re wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend?
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines, @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmond’s hands.
@BillKingLanark @dkberman @mathewi  That's true and I love it!
@SecurityLecture  That is not the reason.
@hellcat1963  Sadly true--but it can change.
@logisticshelp  Thanks Nick.
@MrJPL It is Trump!
@CoryMacRae  Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
\"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big
Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
.@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012”  ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor ; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
I just saw my new tie ; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy!
@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.
@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.
@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott.
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.
@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!
@GZervs  Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland ; many other countries are fighting back.
@mamaberg63  True!
@unique4x  Thanks.
@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!
@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.
@brogfro  That's true!
@trentdav  Thanks.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs u9gb8nY9  This is unsustainable for the American worker.
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits 9yE9RWFH  Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care.  Enjoy!
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will ; intelligence want it to be.
I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural ny2KsoLs I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.'
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.
Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
Be sure to read my column in @cnni “Europe is terrific place for investment” pMcJU0Fs
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts ; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican ; I am embarrassed!
“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.\"   - Think Big
Happy 8th Anniversary to @MELANIATRUMP. y45SSfYx
Scary. Over 8,332,000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term ueN8vMtz How did Romney lose that election?
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?
The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
Watch this great behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- ailvQ2ML
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
@ritter1025  Ellis--get well soon!
@adkradio Thanks and good luck.
.@BarbaraJWalters   Barbara—get better fast ; stay healthy forever.
@ghosttoast99  I do--and say hello to Carson.
@Marvelle Thank you--a great compliment.
@AnthonyNoTweet  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
.@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idol—great touch, solid guy!
Via @EW: “@CelebApprentice All-Stars' first trailer” FoPk0FvE
@lynn5101953 Sadly, true!
@hmachann  Thanks Heidi.
@stevegpritchett  Thanks Steve!
@JediJerad  Thanks Jedi.
My @Shalom_TV interview discussing my video endorsement of @IsraeliPM @netanyahu and past visits to @Israel 87S4UoHU
@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
@Albertenstein @BostonGlobe And a dumb guy!
@jeffjarvis  You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
@TheCleverLoop  True!
Here I am with @RodStewart at Mar-a-Lago. CxYc0moW
@JustJoanne247 @BarackObama  Of course I do--for good of country!
@robds101  Easy--only small area.
@ichrisandrews Way beyond!
@CrewSawyer Hope so!
@brwneyesnbama Thanks Bobbie.
@Bretty1973 Thanks--enjoy your visit.
@Titi1211  Thanks Tiffany.
@selfminted You do, and thanks.
@sprinkler22 @GIL1FRESNOCA  Very nice, thanks Barb.
@TheDarangatang Thanks Timothy.
@mscijihenderson Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers.
@Gonzobeachboy  I don't go away!
@MattONU @billmaher  Not looking like it!
@MeattHead_ @souljaboy @KennicotAsks Winning!
@CoCo471031 You really sound like a loser no-name!
@Kaszie @BarackObama Casandra--It's not--thanks.
@tubby511 @BarackObama  He is too smart to do that!
@mikayladreyer  Thanks!
@TorresTerrell @BarackObama  Thanks!
@Coteter @BarackObama  Just success for our country!
@HoltonHancock  Thanks and enjoy!
@MooreReva Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd @NBC at 9 pm EST
@eakrogh  Emil--great ; do well with it!
@chididdy57 @lancearmstrong  Well, he's now paying a big price!
Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
Republicans, don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
\"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice.\" - Winston Churchill
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Hypocrites! @JamesOKeefeIII’s new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’ EdZOR9kV
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA ; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
“Golfer bids $130,000 for round with Donald Trump” in Scotland for charity 9dCwjRcy via Evening Express
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Pres. Obama’s inauguration, @GOP debt plan ; @CelebApprentice #1 branding DVyAO3Hg
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
@MattMogul Happy Birthday tomorrow, Matt
Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
@EAWIII Yes, and thanks.
@AgnesphAgnes @Deadspin  Thanks.
\"Take action every day, and stay focused for the long haul.” - Think Big
“Trump, Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher” Vwe34qk9 via @BostonGlobe
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
@bighank500  Thanks Hank.
@brookychan  Not negative!
@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia. 0wFKtnpD
@northsydgirl  Yes.
@sdoocy Thanks Steve.
Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways.
@lcf42 @Deadspin They are total losers.
@Brunhooooo  Wrong!
@cmedenise Thanks.
@ThePhilliesGirl @CrossingBroad @Deadspin  Sad losers!
@efswagner Thanks.
@AMalfas  She can't but I adore her.
@ISHIMWEPatrick @BuzzFeedPSA  Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.
.@Deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me ; others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson.
.@Deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving?
Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
.@Deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized!
Alabama people are saying their team has real football ; real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back!
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.
Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.
The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits ; failure will follow him!
@tman99us @_KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5\" in heels. She is also a total winner in... F8Pyk326
Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today. JpnAzwu4
Trump Doral’s renovations are right on schedule N0llzAsJ Once completed, it will be the top resort in the U.S.
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself \"what was I thinking?\"
.@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny.
.@BillMaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
.@ESPN’s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.
The first ever All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday March 3rd! 52UMXtcE
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
@thesween_bean Thank you.
@msmaddiexo Thank you.
@manc999 Write to Mark Burnett.
@colinhaney Great!
@KingOf_Class Thank you.
@SimonNWrestler Thank you.
@kidsalty No
@MeeMawBellefleu Thank you- I did!
Does anyone remember this @BillMaher clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog! Xekz6GTm
@billmaher has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
@ProtagonistHero He brought them on himself!
@belikehannah  March 3rd.
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- J. P. Morgan
@quiteefranklee  Thanks and enjoy.
@quiteefranklee  March 3rd.
@ChristianFranzH  Thanks Christian and good luck.
China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
Re Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
\"We’re singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough
@GOP is burying itself. 63% of Republican voters think @GOP Congress is ‘out of touch’ 8nz9uLd8 ...
... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
@kingantoine1  Thanks Antoine.
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart ; beautiful.
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth
“Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it, too.” - Think Big
“Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.”  – Think Like a Billionaire
@8zz8 Wrong!
@Sheriffbrody @antbaxter Scotland course held up to storm very well.
@mrjamesmack  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.
@JaneyGodley  No, held up to storm very well.
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us.
Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we don’t. Stupid!
Lance Armstrong’s liability ; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over!
From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.”  I told you so.
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots
@bradleycmc Thanks Bradley.
@pattilee22   Thanks and good luck.
“You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton
@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.
@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.
Where’s the press?  1,484: 72% of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama 0DbXHopv
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces ; Fashion Jewelry” collection!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
\"There’s nothing “compassionate” about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation.\" - Time To Get Tough
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?
Sadly, I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it.
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Remember, as a senator, Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling wTQ96Itg  I guess things change when President?!
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
I can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal
@andyliz99  Thank you.
“If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer
@RobertKarlPoker  Thank you.
@theviz1 @billmaher  I will try!
@NormaWilcox  Thank you.
@ChrisPedersen80 @billmaher  Thanks.
@HoboShane  I agree.
@Kmt9999 @billmaher  Thanks.
I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
“If you’re still in school, pay attention.  Education is a money machine.”  – Think Like a Billionaire
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran pVI6Rxju  We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
@BrunetteLogic  March 3rd.
Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
@pellscuse11  Happy Birthday
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.
@DaveyD147  Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
“DONALD TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP” Fqnu7K9C via @BreitbartNews
\"Donald Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet – 'Then I’ll Sue Him'\" x7wBj4ae via @gatewaypundit
2nd segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @billmaher's insult of parents and sending him $5M bill bjuBe3Kj
First segment of my @seanhannity @FoxNews interview discussing @GOP are terrible negotiators ; lost all their cards VcXIWR2y
@Otgdy27  I won't.
@MakingTrevenue  Thanks.
@JCRIV305  Thank you.
@BowsByBaby  Thanks and good luck.
@adambrownagency @MichaelaLBrown  Great!
@Farmersagentn8  Thanks, we'll see!
@mikepassmore  Thanks.
@thomasm25221024  I won't.
@JamieHumble  True!
@notksanymore  I will!
@LaDaleBuggs  Thanks!
@Melbelle96  Thanks Melanie.
@Spot_O_TEA   Thanks.
@richardrvaughn  Thanks.
\"I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower, but I also had a great product.\" - The Art of the Deal
@tonytuanvu  Thank you and good luck.
@MStuart1970 @foxandfriends  True!
@LaDaleBuggs  Thank you.
Again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST.
@JohnJohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks John.
@shaminabaspr @MarioLopezExtra  Thanks!
@jackiediop  Thanks.
@dpdouglass @billmaher  Thanks Dana.
@FameWhoreBuster @billmaher  Thanks.
@MichaelRhorer @billmaher  Thanks.
@tazracet  Thanks.
\"People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going.\" -- @TheEllenShow
@henriwts @BaetensGert  Yes.
@MattOmell  March 3rd
@aeroleila7 @CelebApprentice  pdeN2jsR
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem  MArtBvAp
\"Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
@carly_russell Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd.
@sellassellas @billmaher Thanks Brandon.
@McGuire1978 @DjP3tieSmallzz  Thank you.
@dkc628  Thanks Dorothy.
@luvintyger Thank you.
@Itsbrttanybitch  Thanks and good luck.
@The_JeffH  Thanks Jeff
@RayNealRay  Thanks.
@joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
My @extratv interview discussing @Rosie's new baby, my acceptance of @billmaher's $5M offer ; hiring @_KatherineWebb wXyE4677
New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
\"Katherine Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer, says she's 'shocked' about the attention\"  IKt92yEV via @Zap2it
Via @FoxNews: \"Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate, awaits $5 million\" 5c38hlwz
.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time, Dennis is a star!
@KeithAsh_KASH   Thanks.
@Seame_huntin EST
@Seame_huntin  Thanks.
@BasqueGirl75  Thanks.
@Sophiesmom78  I will!
@fultonrm @billmaher  I will.
@infiniteyounow  My honor.
@robgoodwin72 @_KatherineWebb True! They are great.
@chuckwoolery @billmaher Chuck--you are great--thanks!
@ScottVH1  So am I.
@TheRealllJCole @billmaher  True!
@davidlemoinejr @billmaher  I will!
@Bertoldo1269 @billmaher  True!
@Jarboni72 @billmaher Thanks!
@Mulligan672 @billmaher  True!
@trinityjordan  I won't.
@Lversaci @billmaher  Thanks.
My @eonline interview discussing @_KatherineWebb's stardom and why @espn's apology was unwarranted 4V8DQiGp
@rhondaberment Thank you.
@storingmaysoul  Thanks.
\"If you want to be a success, you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it.\" - Think Big
I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough!
I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
\"Money may not grow from trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
\"Experience is the teacher of all things.\" -  Julius Caesar
\"All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you.\" - Think Big
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
Via @eonline: \"Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge\" Inbux7xv
@Jimmy_Farney @QueyNewton  Great -- Good luck James
@BradyMagic @EricTrump Thank you!
@HomesWestfield @EricTrump @MyFoxNY @rosannascotto @StJude  Thank you.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 WexTe74I Trump Org had a record year.
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control buNU2IuD Welcome to his 2nd term.
\"Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense\" F0VqBNE0 via @NewYorkObserver
Hagel has been endorsed by China 8zmnZgLr ; Iran ZHdfNN5k  for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
Watch @extratv's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago ucAC22nL
@Tappersong  The opposite!
@brose783  Thanks. Good luck.
@aynbluefish  Interesting.
@DavidBlanch  Thanks (I think)!
@BrittanyToll @TheAuthenticKJ  Not true!
@YouCanCallMeR @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
@MissUSA2005  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
@milkncookies70  Not easy!
@nicolewalker20 I have and I do.
@Rosegalwines @RNC Many people agree.
@drehm010  Great, thanks.
@DJT_biggest_fan  Great!
@lilkubes  Great and thanks!
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
@marioraez1 Thanks.
@AuthenticSig22 Easier said than done!
@nolanitenyc  No.
@sandramdocer Happy New Year Sandra.
@Adam4integrity  True. @gretawire is great at what she does.
@TNMouth  Interesting!
@Samco42  No, but I hate incompetence.
@LEADERSMag  Great job!
@TracyN3109  Seems like it!
.@FranksFight  Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
@kristine_kaplan  Happy Birthday Kristine
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
“Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.” - Samuel Goldwyn
@shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher Thanks
@Melpace  Thanks!
@dalasner Stay tuned!
@Haley_Loyal @CelebApprentice @latoyajackson  LaToya is terrific.
@dasboot96 @KyleMcCall4  True--just terrible.
@schutzhund007  Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
@CJohnson623 @billmaher  Stay tuned!
@Joeisterrific Thanks Joe.
@KevinM_Mielke  True!
@USFiscalSanity  Work hard.
@caarlatwiter  She's fantastic.
@C_A_Pearson True!
@TweetsFromNancy  Interesting view!
@conniegrn777 @AlabamaFTBL  You should--they are great!
“In this game, knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big
@381days  Thank you.
@Seanelmi  Thanks Sean.
@RyanMjAnderson @CelebApprentice March 3rd.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
“Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@bonbon823 @TheTeaParty_net  Thanks!
@MrDewMaster @newsbusters  I will!
@Thee_FrankG  It is great--thanks!
@rilwanemeje  Thank you.
@HLDRPiper73  Thank you.
@DelonMackenze  Thanks.
@TVTango @BillRancic  Great reminder--thanks.
The Iranians are sure happy with Obama’s nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as ‘Anti-Israel’ Y3hDxIO2
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
@ethwhite  Hi Ethan
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
Golf Odyssey just named Trump Scotland “Golf course of the year.”\nVV1IqUjU
Wow—Golf Magazine just named Trump Scotland “best new course.”\nVV1IqUjU
@grant_wyeth  Thanks Grant.
@TheAmandaRose  Great!
@adkradio Yes, send address.
@infiniteyounow @CelebApprentice  True!
@TonifReardon @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@vibow54  True!
@whitneykray @IvankaTrump  Great!
“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal
Trade with China has killed over 29% of US manufacturing jobs in the US qae9jpzZ China is robbing us blind!
@MegAlove04  Thanks!
@FrankMDavisJR  You are right.
Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
@yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck.
@HShoyeb @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Thanks
“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamath
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
\"Trump Invitational\" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
.@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
“Donald Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago” vpQMNqlK via @WPTV
My @foxandfriends interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination, Republicans terrible deal making ; where we go next 1JFNWynq
@prncsmo_ @LibertyU  Hi Morgan and good luck.
@jkaburu Work hard!
@V3CEO  Thank you!
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice IHjIE0sa
\"Never, never, never give up.\" - Winston Churchill
@panchOopanchOo @CelebApprentice  March 3rd.
@dianahartnett  March 3rd.
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
@AdeleBrumley  Adele--Happy Birthday.
@SammyPotatoes  True!
@NYPatriots4Life  Thanks and Happy New Year.
@_msccc  Thanks.
\"I aim very high, and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after.\" - The Art of the Deal
@KWierzba  Never give up--keep at it!
\"Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day.\" - Think Big
@jacksback2009 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
@RealKyleMorris  You will love it!
@NeanderthalMan1  Nobody says this!
@littllow  Not great!
@A123Meoli  True.
@richardkle  Thank you!
@pastorcab  True.
@jmendowns  True!
@hellsbells116  Thanks Chris
@ChartrandA  Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
@pauljosephjr  Doral is doing great!
“Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.”  - Think Big
@nicksteinmetz  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
@sldewey  But a bad one!
@MS2202  True and true!
@lovebn40  Thanks Heidi.
@michelle88fan  I love what @GovernorCorbett is doing.
@ahm1038  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
@firefergee  Perhaps so!
@CambriaCravy  I told you so!
@GrantGill  Thanks
@alancravey  That is something to think about, isn't it!
@MarkGhuneim  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq ; Afghanistan building roads ; schools but can’t get money to the NJ ; NY Sandy victims?
The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
@jamesche85  Dopey, I never went bankrupt.
@TonyTurko @robynkonichiwa  She was great!
“Think of yourself as a one-man army.  You’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@KSherrill_4  Thanks.
@Chadfisher3  Thanks.
@WesDunn  Wilson!
@hsword_1 Yes --  pdeN2jsR
@georgeokc  Thanks--let's see what happens.
@beverlism  Good place!
@TheSisko @RNC  Sounds like it!
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish.\" - The Art of the Deal
@PashtunPrince  March 3rd.
@Fleur498  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@mimi_187  Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
@SarahB205 I get you!
@jamesche85  I do complain.
@DrJoySchaffer I fully understand your question.
@maverick1195 Thanks, I think!
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
Via @politicalwire: “Trump Not Happy with Republicans” iNQYwBSS
“Donald Trump on ‘cliff’: ‘Other countries are eating our lunch’” Vepybjlm via @BIZPACReview
@Skyhawk442  Yes, and I am Presbyterian.
@vikinggroup1  True!
@PRDay Wilson--but he probably won't get it.
@jimmyscissor  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
@prince1fares A total mess!
@GOP2014FTW @GOP  Third party is tough.
@gretawire Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not.
.@RGIII ; @DangeRussWilson ; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
“If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. 7EYwIes5  Record amount visited Trump Tower.
Congrats to @GovernorCorbett--he's right to be suing @NCAA over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State XSX70Ibs
This ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
...Remember--I told you so.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving jKhiHnOT Bad for long term.
Via @HuffPostPol: “Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'”\nA2gyhDix
.@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
The Republicans must face reality ; create a strong ; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
“If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
Congratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
“I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal
\"Donald Trump praises @LilJon and welcomes him back to All Star @CelebApprentice\" 65p9n4m9 via @HipHopNews24x7
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. 3GS4mh7C
My @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card SfHiP1kr
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
@opus_6  Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
@Earther57  Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
“You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – Think BIG
Visiting New York City?  Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park bZm5ljJE Great for the whole family!
@sixelA1984 @LilJon @CelebApprentice  Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The Deal
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
@phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@WandaSalley  Thanks--have fun!
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #MidasTouch
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--; probably shouldn't be.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
@Nicholas_Lipton  March 3rd.
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
@Limka11 @Jess_Wiliem98  Thank you.
My @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point, the fiscal curb ; why we must ; can make a great deal. F7x6T4PH
Spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
“Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama” 5SY7E3On via @Livetradingnews
\"True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is. \" - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
@ptlyons Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
@mattmaddix  Good luck.
@MikeyAdamsWEEI  Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
@lin0729  Yes--he is a great guy!
@KryssiTooCool18 Thank you.
@MjTis  Yes!
@JesseTMaguire @alkapranos Even more--thanks.
@mayorgas  Good.
@NYClights420   I hope so!
@its_nicca @GiulianaRancic @MissUniverse  She was great!
“To be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIG
Republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
It’s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
.@MacMiller’s “Donald Trump” YeBeTEfe just crossed 73.5 million views on @YouTube.  You’re welcome Mac!
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--; we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Back by popular demand, the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Must read @WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies” j0eBmPhb
“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal
\"Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation, But They Don’t Know It\" nOelhtkI via @mediaite
My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards nftxdMC6
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
@lin0729 Yes, Regis is the best!
@Skyhawk442 @Rosie I agree!
@Earther57 Sounds like the best place!
@ReighnSeed Thanks!
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago f5Bwq14l in Palm Beach, Florida.
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
@MikeCosgrove1  Thanks and good luck.
@lovechild419  Thanks Lisa
“Deals are my art form.  I like making deals, preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal
@trondbertil Thank you.
“Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008”\nTqBd1Fuo
@LeahNelBulos Happy Birthday Leah
@susanmahoneyxo Thank you Susan.
“Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro” abi47GWN via Hispanically Speaking News
How is @VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
Washington is in total gridlock—no trust, no leadership—very interesting!
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
@AllEECaTT21  Thanks Allison!
@jaimeennis @examinercom  Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays
@mstang_13  I hope so.
@PSU_Brush @Zigmanfreud  Thanks Matt.
@Nc777ww  He is a loser who will self-destruct,  just like @Rosie!
@CRLindke True!
@HyperspaceIT  Thanks--@HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like @Ariannahuff!
@Joey_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!
\"Work hard, play hard and live to the hilt.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
\"I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest.\" - Dalai Lama
@chidrole   Hi John
Our new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
@Cement_MIXa49  Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
You get what you vote for.  US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again BrvnXEO3
@toddulu  Fun!
@klisitsin  The Art of the Deal.
@mdslhrst  Good move!
@candicebazuin @BravoAndy @GiulianaRancic  They were both terrific!
@KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great!
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
...now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs, yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' 2r9DHxHo SAD!
@pokerswayne @VanityFair  Very wrong dopey!
@jbresson  Thanks Justin.
@RonCharles @VanityFair @KBAndersen  Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
@ellavdw  You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
@JNorr11  Good reason for a celebration.
\"The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road.\" - Think BIG
@MandiDeren  I will!
@rebamoreland @VanityFair  Great move!
@GrantRebhun   Hard work but fun.
@MoruaGabriel  Thanks!
Via @AP: \"Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe\"  Ratings increase 15% over last year. WZLt2SOx
Watch @MissUSA Olivia Culpo crowned  as @MissUniverse 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant 7owdgBEs
@OXSapphireXO @VanityFair  No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
@random5   You can and you will--work hard.
@KevinKuhn5 @VanityFair  Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.
@DanForsley @VanityFair  Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!
@GreenerAG  I agree on both counts!
@jimrobbins1973 @VanityFair  I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair
@mattwiemeri  Thanks!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
@JNorr11  March 3rd.
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
This is a buyers’ market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Okay, I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
@agreatguy  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
@playagaindesign  pdeN2jsR  Starts March 3
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal
@jtracy08  Thanks Joe.
@toddjoldbull  It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.
Via @examinercom: \"The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party\" tpKJKCQh
@jean_penny  Hi Jean
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
“Donald Trump’s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims” FeYJJi2A via @eonline
Video game violence ; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. wxrkXRsv
@mstacey9 I never went bankrupt.
@C_waitforit_J @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
@Lydia_xoxo @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
@dylawn420 @UberFacts Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy.
@derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel Thanks Derek- and true!
@hailey_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewart
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.” - Think Big
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
You get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 ws2ITHkM
@Abspara @pennjillette @CelebApprentice  March 3rd. Tune in!
@BrettNPU32  Happy Birthday
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. 1AkHvq5U
No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more ; got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
\"Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' \"  mdCfSdIh
For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
@RandyTotty @tjtotty  Happy Anniversary Teresa
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal…
…you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big
Great – we are sending even more F-16’s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt UEhTRx5G  This is a total disaster.
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
It’s Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show!
@Bahleezy  March 3rd--tune in!
“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great, exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The Deal
He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.
\"Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.” PD6RxccF via @FoxNews
\"Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be ‘A Favor To The Country’\" mfnOWTaL via @mediaite
\"TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS\" 1fTZB0qJ by @mboyle1 @BreitbartNews
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop\"
@NathalieS_29  Thank you
@hopewellcody Thanks Cody
@LeviThompson93   Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country.
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  @Patriots
\"Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time.\"  Midas Touch
\"If you love your work, the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment.\"  Think Big
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
\"I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.\"-The Art of The Deal
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million ; lost all.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
The lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week YvjkqKe2  Busy doing the peoples’ work!
“You can’t con people, at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends joS4tjDA  Dangerous for us but great news for China.
The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year tt9BZwxR  U.S. is busy making China even richer.
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG, which we bailed out, for $5.5B 0xBsByf6  China is making great deals on our backs.
I just bought stock in Tiffany ; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida—just bought it, will be great!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.
Today's job report is not a good sign ; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
\"Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch\" uj7ZoYbh via @Zagat
Back by popular demand, TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!
Via @digitalspyus: \"Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'\" 0rLDeuJa
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Dopey  @Lord_Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
...@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The Deal
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty ; majesty of Scotland...
.@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
.@Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be \"dead, finished, gone, kaput\" GYAf1jV0  Great business foresight.
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ...
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers ; would not be impressed.
@RealPro4Real  Thank you.
@martinwatt382 True!
\"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.\" --Douglas MacArthur
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   No, his ignorance!
Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ...
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother, just keep making me money!
@Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!
.@Lord_Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
@johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
@Scootray88  Dopey, same people voting over ; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines ; the people don’t want them.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
@sinnerofa10shun  Work hard and love what you do!
@achieverdan  Thanks and yes!
@RingSherry @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thank you.
@madmartinez @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Thanks Darlene.
@RealRobHarrand  Thanks Rob!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Via @USATODAY: “Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship” u9Ek2xu0
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
@MacFarb  Wow--very nice!
@OrangeTrump @apoliticalbear @ForQ2 @danabrams  Don't be so sure!
@bongsi21 @BillGates @itsmeMVP  Work hard!
@kleckhardt  Kris, great place, enjoy!
@colonopenbrakit  He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
@carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
....on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly ; costly wind turbines?
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic ; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
@mchandlerjones I will!
@LaraLeaYunaska @EricTrump  And you looked great last night Lara.
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
@OfficialBQGirls @MissUSA2005 @thaLilBit  Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
@JohnG500 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
@rodgilbert7 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
@danabrams True--but keep up the good work!
.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff ; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.
Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
“I like thinking big.  To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal
@vincedelisi  Thanks!
@HoppMar  So do most smart people!
@PhillipMoodie Thank you.
@KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks.
@apoliticalbear @danabrams  True--thanks.
@riggs_deb  Thank you.
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
@KarlRove is such an embarrassment that @FoxNews is keeping him off air amke76xg Rove should be out of politics. A total loser!
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
@rodsandguitars @nbc  Thanks
@tommo1903 Thank you.
@Kevinsherwin Thank you
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner ; really smart!
Via @scotsmandotcom:  “Awards for Trump’s golf course” pd1qHmQ9
@wtfagain @Beardymilne  You would not even believe how dirty ; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
@Beardymilne @wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes ; a total loser.
@achieverdan Thanks
@damonpostal  Thanks
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well ; soon coming to Broadway.
@SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland.
Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open ; Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous ; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
@kleckhardt  Yes--it is great!
@swingtraining  Thanks Jeff.
@Danusia234 @SaintsFootyNews  Happy Birthday Andrew
@bf2088 Thanks--and good luck.
@Arnoldmuks  Thanks.
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions c9NuyPiX
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery ; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented.
.@danabrams, editor of @mediaite, explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
@arsenioOFFICIAL will do great in his new talk show on CBS. He’s really got what it takes!
@Redskins QB @RGIII is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me ; Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open ; Olympic gold?
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing ; wonderful guy!
@ld06981p  Larry, thank you and keep up the great work!
@Wendydyer2  Thanks Wendy.
@Alkiwaves Thanks, it will be great.
@ItsColinFowler  Thanks.
@BubbasLmky  But hard work!
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th ; 5th.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club ; be tremendous success.
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the \"fiscal cliff.\"  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
@lfoshie @piersmorgan Logan: You are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough ; talented guy--; very loyal--a rarity in life.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so!
@parisitony  True!
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink bZm5ljJE
@osaFoLmiK Happy Birthday and best wishes.
.@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove ; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record fjiOnw2g  Inflation is coming...
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
I am very proud of @IvankaTrump for her work with @Cookies4kids.  @Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children e5IK0gVG
It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans ; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
“Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay” ilqlCyQC via @Forbes
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are \"every bit as tough as the guys.\" Just think about that statement!
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Now that it’s almost over, I can’t believe that unions ; management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--; management just got a \n$1.75M  bonus.
I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.
@therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
@AmishFlyers66 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.
In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious,’ @AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.”  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
@JMinello  Very nice, thanks.
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness o5rTCs01  NYC loves the NYPD.
@skompa @TrumpChicago @TrumpNewYork @TrumpLasVegas @TravlandLeisure   Thanks!
@TarikaN_11 Motivation is key, so is momentum.
Congratulations to @FoxNews for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows kF88I9e0
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy 7LiwSD9V
@sagethelaxbro  Hi Sage
@TonyDABodyguard @Seanelmi  I agree--and thanks.
@adrienne_jensen  Thanks!
@sbowlin1  Thanks--you will love it.
@RevRome83 @CelebApprentice @bretmichaels You won't be disappointed!
Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland \"golf course of the year\"
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra ; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
A clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing Halle, Angus and Gen. Petraeus 2rTu6IEJ
Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.
“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.” -- Sun Tzu
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees
. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
It’s Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see \"Lincoln.\"
@atrlimo @EricTrump  Agreed.
@mjb7  Thanks!
The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, “A” – the food is also great!
\"Ivanka Trump defends her dad\" qXJYuuM8 via @politico
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines ; @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford ; Countryside Party.
Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.
\"A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion\" su8yCNbV via @washingtonpost
FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen.
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover ; shaker ; a really great guy!
@AmauryD3  Thanks!
@JosephbyNature Good luck Joe!
My son, @EricTrump, is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital...
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time, I run a really big company!
\"It’s often necessary to boast, but it’s even better if others do it for you.” – Think Like A Billionaire
\"One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great.
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club iJNXp19Y The #1 public course in the country!
\"You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' Xjimd3KU  No surprise.
Pervert alert–serial sexter @RepWeiner is making another step towards a comeback 69UrtKYG All girls under 18 should block him.
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along ; make deals for the good of the country!
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.\n77T7dnHW
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” rHHCXhEQ
I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible ; ineffective ads.
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!\nevfQOIPQ
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch
\"You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top
“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big
@RetroJohnny  Thanks
@callmemrwayne  @DebbieGibson  Thanks Debbie
@FromJoachim2You  A great place!
@utxgent  Thanks
\"It’s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough, but they’re not smart.” – Think Like A Billionaire
@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.
@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.
@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.
@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
Join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer.\n\ns3AKcvk1
\"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design. JuDr49kV We should offset the thievery from our debt..
...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' iuZpZqyW Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
Want to know why China is growing?  They can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days DMjMeKQR Red tape would kill it here.
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
@NathalieS_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
@PaulBocian Thanks, it was wonderful.
@shanesgranny Thanks and Happy Holidays.
@yorkv01  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
@shanedent  Agreed.
When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
RT @Newsmax_Media:  Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections  EZ1fdIT5 via @Newsmax_Media
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable, bad ; expensive energy!
\"You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.\" -- Think Big
\"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.\"  -- Dale Carnegie
\"A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him...
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment.\" -- Harry S. Truman
\"Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress 0u2yJbfs  They deserve to be there!
\"Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief, you're the soldier as well.\" – Think Like A Billionaire
\"In war there is no substitute for victory.\" -- Douglas MacArthur
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil YfYmnhU9  A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
\"Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well, but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others.\" -- The Way To The Top
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, \"story is dead\" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
\"It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.\" -- Think Big
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
For those asking, my son, @EricTrump,   makes zero $$ running his charity ; raises a great deal of  $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year jtmBTMgw  That's money that could be spent here.
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
\"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.\" -- Harry S. Truman
\"We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction.\" --  Douglas MacArthur
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
@kabarzombie69   It will be great!
@kc5yvv  Thanks!
@Jixllr  Thanks!
@MichaelRubinton Work hard!
@DLEagency @MichaelPhelps  True!
@MrsAliciaParks  Thanks!
@sAygO_P  I am very truthful!
@Manos_Panos  Love what you do!
@Corene7  Thank you!
@BluePrintBullie A great compliment.
@hkshel  Thanks Keith!
\"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.\" --George S. Patton
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday LF0hjd7Q  and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough!
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
\"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.\" -- Douglas MacArthur
I was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
I am going to give @Rosie a pass.  @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. 3pyChHHG
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesn’t disappoint!
\"What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big.\"--Think Big
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
... at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital nT2A58ym -- I am proud of you Eric.
FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Answers Boy’s Prayer for New Bike” PdbAw9Z6 via @FoxNewsInsider
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts.
\"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. \" -- Mark Twain
“We are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.” -- @BarackObama\n--Very good, I like it.
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.  ZKJexYr9  Smart.  Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
The World Bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ wZ9ofqxJ  And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective.
\"Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job.\"  -- Think Like A Billionaire
Rapper Mac Miller's song, \"Donald Trump\" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. \"@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions.\"
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up, Hostess' closing ; celebrating Thanksgiving with family  w4yRPTH0
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather \"gross\" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
.@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
It makes me feel so good to hit \"sleazebags\" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
 @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
.@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase VxZiX4kr  This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness!
“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the Deal
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, ; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
“Trump could be great friend if ‘Second Amendment’ enthusiasm is real” JathcK7j via @SFLuxe
Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
\"I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on.\" -- The Midas Touch
@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
\"A house divided against itself cannot stand.\" --Abraham Lincoln
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
@Korkyelmst  You are very nice, thank you.
@TraderExpert  Thanks!
@amanda_berens  True!
@dxerebl  They must actually like me!
@EMC_xoxo Thanks!
@NYLANDERMAX  Thanks!
@BriannaTurano Good!
@jenke2501  I understand your message.
@RCVenables It is, thanks.
If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right ; we will hit a \"fiscal cliff.\"  We need to avoid this.
With our record debt ; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
\"Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt.\" – Think Like A Billionaire
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
\"Donald Trump's Guns\" by @EmilyMiller @washtimes e0lzZFdH
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news... JN1VIbom
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
@mllemariani  I agree!
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
@rcthompson01 @cher   I agree
@RobertCherry1  Fantastic!
@statereform @Macys  You sound great!
@kimberlyykitten  Interesting!
@pehbho  I will Paul, thanks.
@snugglebun31  I did--thanks for remembering.
@JSunday72  Thank you Joey
@ErekClementson Thanks Erek
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
@cher Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I don’t.
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
@riggs_deb @EricTrump  I agree, he is amazing.
@Relmark Thanks Mark
@GuitartrashJB  Thanks!
Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs.
Social media has changed the news ; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
A former classmate, Roy Eaton, has published a great book, “Makers, Shakers ; Takers” – check it out  TxH2C5OV
Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care OviEuDqW  The new reality.
Trump Towers, Istanbul, Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks  UXSiNXSR
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. Z4e2hECP
\"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.\"\n--Harry S. Truman
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. txcIBkua
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: UgBCAMck
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
Help those affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. 3MCkZEdp
\"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.\" - The Art of the Deal
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi
@krnspeech @CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sunday, March 3--thanks!
@jackmarkou @CelebApprentice @piersmorgan  He is on and he's great!
@natrat86  Don't be scared--we will come back.
\"First of all, you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal.\" -- The Art of the Deal
It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them.
.@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled \"All In.\" Did she know something?
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Don't forget Benghazi.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
After Friday’s Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow
My fragrance--\"Success\"-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
.@davidaxelrod  David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!
“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
Scary – in the past 90 days, Obama has set over 6,125 regulatory burdens FbyJMJtV Terrible for the economy.
No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release, food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high P3qdhiNo
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
We just passed 1.9M followers ; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. 
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club. 
Many political pundits are using the term \"Art of the Deal\".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
\"Never ever quit, never give up\" - Donald J. Trump, The Art of the Deal.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
Wow,  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian!
She’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent ; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
.@antbaxter  Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?
.@antbaxter  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
.@antbaxter Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof ; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
.@antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?
.@antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
@antbaxter @Salon @antbaxter—Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap ; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last ; yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP ; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
Remember to watch the series finale of \"The Men Who Built America\" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio ; he would be President.
Remember to watch the series finale of \"The Men Who Built America\" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine QTYCvpUc  They will end up stealing the design from us as usual.
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes oX6JYnqE  They will be sent to patrol our coasts, Obama won't do anything.
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again v7RwPT0P Thanks for letting us know now
I will and I agree! RT @ZacharyQuinto\n you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night, I was on last Thursday
...I  trounced him in ratings ; Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant?
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy ; the death ; destruction it caused.
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
.@hardball_chris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting, MSNBC (cont) SnhGmaoQ
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article… DQSHBWvw gt1eaZgv
“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Millions without electricity across NY ; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... eKaTfj5l
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
We have to make America great again!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Brian, if I'm \"well past the last exit to relevance\" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
Brian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Well, back to the drawing board!
@dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
\"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.\" --George Washington
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on \"Law and Order?\"
I love show \"Law and Order\" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney ; @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for @MittRomney.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
.@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.
@Tappersong  Thanks Gary.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 hy6O6r8F What took @CBS so long to release this footage?
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market 0FN95eO0  China wants to deplete our resources here at home.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ ; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY ; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
“Change can’t be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.” -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the close election, the enthusiasm gap between Mitt ; Obama ; the fiscal cliff 0bHyrQGO
Save Medicare.  Vote for @MittRomney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun XfJiqT6G
Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free ; strong America.  Vote for @MittRomney.
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 LIBmCVDs  Don't let them intimidate you!
In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Watch this behind the scenes video of @IvankaTrump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot- y7nkj5OH
Me voting--- it really is my hair! CbZzVeSc
@NGen52  I never went bankrupt.
@jtylerdowling   Thanks
@SpencerLJackson  Yes!
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
\"If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid.\" Thanks Walter D!
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, I’ll be there!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he \"adores you.\"
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.
@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
.@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides, you are not the star (; never will be).
Obama just stated \"It's always good to ignore Donald Trump.\" I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway.
\"I believe in the America that never gives up, never stops striving, never ceases believing in itself.\" -- @MittRomney, 11.2.12
Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney
Obama is angry, frustrated and desperate.  He said “voting is the best revenge” HFQiGRDb  He is divisive.
@ojmart  Thank you!
@acman84  True!
Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
In ’08, America voted for Hope ; Change.  Instead, we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production VMJy9XjJ  We can't afford 4 more years.
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsday’s endorsement of @MittRomney, tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims J2J4mJhX
Nice mention by Brian Kelly \nXFLDdwZZ Conservative Action Alerts
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Great article in the @NewYorkPost by Ben Garrett--\"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming\" o2VHHPOa
It’s extremely cold in NY ; NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words--- Thv9Mu8E
Thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @HollywoodReporter  3Kii0xLN
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
@Lorrainejuliet @EDLTrobinson @FloridaJayhawk @hannityshow  Must be careful ; smart!
@ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president.
@TrickettTweeter  No, his facts are very bad for him.
@eheinlen Yes.
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
\"This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery.\" -- @PaulRyanVP
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
@MittRomney will turn this mess around!
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Gary Johnson is asking people \"to waste\" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney.
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?
I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: @RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
In the heart of the city, Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property VPxSMj4z  True luxury at its finest.
Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing @MittRomney mYT6zbmi  Not surprising
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding nuzGMIkt Obama's policies are unsustainable
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
\"Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.\" -- J.P. Morgan
Make sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun, November 11th.  Great show.
Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.   She is great as always.
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
A wonderful place. utLZ9MTV
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked 5BeAhats
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09, median household income was $55,198.  Now it is $50,678.  Four more years?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
Obama our Welfare ; Food Stamp President, is praising himself for expanding welfare cAOUnJT0  He doesn't believe in work.
\"We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business, we need a president who understands business and I do\" -- @MittRomney
Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island ; Long Island.
.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
With long gas lines ; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot!
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc ; websites as to their professionalism ; fairness—many people asking for this.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency. oK9SpIc7
Press release. Video response to follow. 3Xz74ipi
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
To all @MittRomney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
“Romney’s $2 Billion Sacrifice for America” By Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media ZlDYNMa1
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories ; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
\"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.\" -- Dale Carnegie
@stass13 Thanks!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver ; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
#TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house joOBdhFU  w/ the most distinctive services.
How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--; his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records.
Looking at the figures and plans behind @Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid @AOL (cont) rO04RZDP
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. eXJyiGeB
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-  yt7LPuME A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
.@oreillyfactor called me a \"master marketeer\" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things ; people come.
Part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @CelebApprentice spoilers ; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant 8o8nz1PD
Part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets ; 57th st. crane AvLO9Inf
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd \"Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump.\"
Watch the clip from @Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency 02ABDshA
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.\nPhoto: Lloyd Bishop/NBC P8yJrMqH
The polls ; momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
China’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses LfATjhuf Their market gains the day we are hit by storm
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. LYXCvaOl
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
@digiphile @RedCross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
\"Without focus, it's just impossible to be successful at anything.\" --Midas Touch
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the 57th St. crane, damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama ebUofUW0
My @extratv interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm Lz7tTurD
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you! 0tf8Pm0n
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place ; kept thousands of people warm ; safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others, I stayed open. ONelqemC
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below, move out!
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured, blowing in the breeze. fHVEFZd9
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont) BbBpnYfY
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was \"probably\" born in the US--the word \"probably\" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
What people don't know about @BillMaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont) EMsJd6kP
I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
A lot changed when David Letterman said \" he was probably born in this country\"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
@johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
@BernardMcGuirk. That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
@Bernard McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
@DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead.” I saved her tiny... aRI9KZf4
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. I’ll bet she won’t be there for long!
\"Donald Trump Tells @theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT\" fASvk6gF by @BillyHallowell
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont) 9TTwQFlI
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
Great! Last night @CelebApprentice winner @johnrich ; alumni @RealMeatLoaf packed OH stadium rallying w/ @MittRomney TUck91xe
\"Donald Trump Defends His \"Big\" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'\" KY2wgyz4 via @eonline
Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree. She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the... 1yGo1BNF
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
By the way, where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
Be careful of an Obama \"bomb\" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer ; give $1,250,000 to each family of the four... TMPHmSy7
Watch me explain on the @Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency UblNbPat
A clip from last night's @Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades 02ABDshA
@crushthespirit  True!
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
@MikeMpef Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time.
@destiny_113 @StephenAtHome  I agree.
@MaureenPeronne @Late_Show  Thanks, it was a great show..
@MRJMF1 @Late_Show Thanks I will.
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
@yewkalaylee  Great idea.
@seketa77  I hope so for the charity's sake
@TylarReese Thanks Tylar
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity.... FjVYwWR4
@LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
@RyanSeven Sounds like a good idea.
@Erizzle05  Only because he has something to hide.
.@SabrinaSiddiqui  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
\"The dealmaker is cunning, secretive, focused and never settles for less than he wants.\" --The America We Deserve
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants \"wind turbines manufactured here in China\" Fe2gkSlg I don't think this was a gaffe.
China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports eShZeqgZ  We need @MittRomney to rein them in.
I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. @yankees
\"Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts\" 8l3BpZf6 via @rcpvideo
@politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
@michellemalkin I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
.@Mark_Sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over @EvaLongoria.  He will always do great!
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
“Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night.  Thanks Ann.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides, I get great ratings on The View.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Still waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic ; @BillRancic did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc ; @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic ; @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
My @gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama, his lack of transparency ; my tremendous support vWcygF7f
\"TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF...\" nnRuiikv By @billyhallowell @theblaze
\"Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records\" 6u4mLrTs  via @Newsmax_Media
\"Trump offers $5 million for Obama college, passport records\" 9BnNCX4v  By @AlexPappasDC @DailyCaller
Just stated by a total pro: \"You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking.\"
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
RT @APCampaign:Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records Cn8bn9LH #Election2012
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find ; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records xCQbR1j2
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... V6VJbfzt
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
As stated, here is the press release. fJNq2IJW
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. fXrjjtDP
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
\"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.\" -- Sun Tzu
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be... RXTnZI1o
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont) Vk0JPAb5
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble ; boss was just fired--they are lost.
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump...\"
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated \"'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert ; Kristen.I don't have time except to say \"Robert, drop her, she cheated on you ; will again!\"
Last night was the first time Obama said \"we\" instead of \"I\" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing, not the President.
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing last night’s presidential debate, my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement JwUXpmeP
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death, not Obama, who works hard to take (cont) Awn3F7tS
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said \"Ok, go get him\"?
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont) UrrYw3uF
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years ; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
\"Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent, from a director's point of view.\" -- Steven Spielberg
No matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago pVppYf8l  At least someone has done well under Obama.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Former Obama White House economic adviser @Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy 6rzfGjMM  Pretty generous!
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
\"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility.\" Obama to @MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Via @politico: \"Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell\" 7UZEL9a0
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community ; are very expensive ; unreliable.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
\"They succeed, because they think they can.\" -- Virgil
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget.  Barack’s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
No surprise, welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama. pHREg2Cj  He is the food stamp ; welfare \"king\"
Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later.
.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on \"When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?\"  Sad!
Follow @MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on @QVC site piYd3HTt
Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
@rginn_1 Toledo is a great place--I've been there ; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
@RickyTheBitch @ladygaga I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Obama has called Libya attack \"a bump in the road\" and \"not optimal.\" Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Via @CraveOnline: \"Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan DqcwMXk8
@stu120 No, sadly, not even close!
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8% number is a fraud TgYWt4my
.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice hvnHHs6G
So many tweets ; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
@D_Hastie @lancearmstrong  No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus ; Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
For the truth about job creation in America go to rc7isiPh  A great site for employers to get the tools ; information they need!
.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont) osKS2X87
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!
@JakfromBk Thanks!
@MisterJoe49 @Yankees I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
Obama said \"not optimal\" to Ambassador ; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
.@MittRomney did a great job last night. Watch the clip! a1muA6zj
@evaemery Never give up. You have what it takes.
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
With Barry Diller ; Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much. ZC0boYWu
Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!
@Rosie   Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
\"A penny saved is a penny earned.\" -- Benjamin Franklin
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
@gastronome2  I love India!
Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
@waycooljr37 @Nationals Bob Kraft ; Coach Bill are far too smart!
@YouthPastorDarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @JohnCena Good luck!
@toddulu @Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.
@donmarie16  A total professional.
@CalumSpence Greatly appreciated, thanks.
@Morali_Arch Great to meet you also.
@NeanderthalMan1 @MittRomney  I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
@crazymom28 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at oeCVxEGZ
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year, the fans will be happy.
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
@darbizman  Thanks!
@G_Harwood  Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
A reader just sent me the following: \n\n\"I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont) 1MzgzMrl
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
@PartyCoveMag @espn @politico @WSJ  Thanks!
@loveandgarbage  Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did.
\"The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public, there is no bigger thrill than that.\" --Vince McMahon @WWE
@womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
@antbaxter @MailOnline  They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
@jeff_coles  I will--thanks.
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family ; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ.
\"When we're talking about math that doesn't add up, how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years.\" --@MittRomney
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available @Macy's, has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift Lr6ENhWA
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone 6oXWvjnB Obama, just stop already.
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets ; @Patriots. I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) latxc1K9
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% 1ZISkkn9  Obama did not tell truth last night.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
.@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) qygbZxZZ
.@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos ; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) d10u18dh
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog ; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
@BillRancic  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  ocd4ZHlD He is very selfish!
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
\"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries\"  VAisvQlh  via @Newsmax_Media
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally ; aesthetically.
Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines ; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
Remember, new \"environment friendly\"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances ; environment of many countries ; communities.
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's @NYPost  9sL1WhVF
Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
Via @espn: \"Donald Trump would fire A-Rod\"  kom7x1ZP
@marileenelson Thanks
My interview with @RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from @yankees ; how to terminate his contract dlErLZAE
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--; all the \"biggies.\" It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
George Will said \"best debate he ever saw\". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows. 
Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said @MittRomney was \"a very successful investor\"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say \"let's get ready to rumble\"!
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
@drumline_mormon  It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
Great win last night by Peyton Manning ; @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6; 7 so they will win!
Get ready for tonight!
@MissUSA  Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job.
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records ; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.  @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
.@washtimes \"@BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ --'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'\" CcRkSlHY
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast ; Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.
.@History's wonderful \"The Men Who Built America\" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
.@antbaxter  Thanks for helping promote ; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
.@antbaxter  Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice.
.@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for @Israel if Obama is re-elected.
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
@jbluvx2 Happy Birthday!
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
\"Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars\" Jhv9xFF9 via @AP
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
\"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.\" -- @MittRomney
\"Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride, let time go by.\"\nDonald J. Trump
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate 3F5Sqe6A  Mitt should bring up college applications ; records
\"Romney, Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation\" K6xUXSwa via @ABC
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. 
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
No, I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win(\"Winning solves all problems\"- (cont) 2rVgPfmo
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup. 
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. 
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say \" what were we doing\".
I told you, whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
\"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.\" -- Warren G. Bennis
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
\"What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy.\" --@PaulRyanVP
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
With our amazing All Star cast, @Joan_Rivers, @johnrich, @ArsenioOFFICIAL ; @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on \"compassionate grounds.\" Do you believe?
\"There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.\" -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet!
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
\"Wing bangers\"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted ; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Excellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
.@Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here sP2DCsqI
Another sign that @jack_welch is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data 5wDEDsJZ
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription? upa00265 Who is this guy?
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince 6KErqMup  Sounds like his book bio!
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan \"rebels\" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother Gfppvzc2
I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it \"mildly\" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
\"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.\" -- Henry Ford
@usa67us  Thank you
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad\n VQI57pcd  Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium ; waterfall.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an \"A\" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China xRJlsxqB  Obama is killing investment.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
\"You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.\"  -- @MittRomney
Consumer spending fell in September BG0U7bYz  Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked.
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding 1XB8OK2t  Do people think this is fair?
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate nkPWyb1m What is he thinking?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
\"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes.\" Be careful of voter fraud!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
\"I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin.\" -- Mitt
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate.” - Think Like a Billionaire
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
\"Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs\" JjVkVmNE via @politico
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
My @SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates, the real state of unemployment ; bias media p8U4JmYg
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Greece should get out of the euro ; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
.@ErraticSLK  Shout out = work hard!
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
.@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T QR8vZIcP  We can't afford four more years.
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses \nA8UyBknk Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps 0acwArSn  Four more years?
I would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama. sal9WpKV
My @foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers 6Y1UToMt
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Looking forward to Sunday’s speech in the ExCel Centre. SV6KAS1E
“The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
Glad to hear that @RobinRoberts is doing well. She is a terrific person.
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
\"To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction.\" --Isaac Newton
Scary ; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor fZGWVH5E
\"Mr. President, you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house, but not to your own facts.\" --@MittRomney
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone! SV6KAS1E
@HighTide1989 Amazing is good too.
@LuLuCornbread @celebapprentice  Most likely in February.
The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' 5gVYTUOY Who is this guy? Where's the media?
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
@FSTLTD @tonyrobbins  Will be a great event. See you in London.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.
@Ajb073  Thank you.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
\"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.\" --Sun Tzu
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'  HgP9Kf1W  Good call!
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
@SiphoSimelane Thank you.
@escobedoantonio Thank you
@Lexi_Michaels  Yes, absolutely.
@escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up!
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. \n zttJIArK
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
My @gretawire interview discussing @MittRomney debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment  XGUc2w66
I am very proud of Ivanka!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) mraKH93c
@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor ; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 0Fok04gl
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious rFLwJBxy   Media??
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market 2Tgk3VIj
.@ritter1025  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.
Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter ; company now control their destiny.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
In Nov. '11, Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution wHonaVoR   In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy.
Glad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
A clip from @KatieShow where I take @katiecouric's audience on the Katie Coach  ZhKkdqlj
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney can win the first debate ; the last 35 days 5LAqS6tR
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records ; applications
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia xXsMHcV7 Another example of sleazy politics!
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office  bDlYuEit Don't be intimidated!
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company efTeSrBC  Cronyism!
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday \"If I were American, I'd vote for Obama.\"
Big cancer risk from new \"environmental\" light bulbs\"--a big price to pay!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
\"I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.\" --Jack Welch
\"Life is very fragile, and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.\" --The Art of the Deal
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states \"born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia.\"
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next? t9vhQRDk
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
\"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.\" -- Thomas Edison
American incomes have fallen $3,040 per household in the last 38 months 8xWU3DTh
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--Woodward was great. XfqXZyBh
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
@Mr_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment G2Nvr2ZH Living large on us.
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
\"To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time.\" --'Midas Touch' with @theRealKiyosaki
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
\"Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery\" sTJXhgbK via @trdny
@jeffphilbin Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
Obama is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9% in August. Where's the recovery? XYRcSm74
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--oLHyNmOj @TrumpGolfLA
.@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities ; possibilities, ; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont) IeJ1pMAy
\"Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment.\"\n--Midas Touch
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit @Macys ils4Ysod  Look your best!
@BENJAMINPRICE18  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
\"If you're going through hell, keep going.\" --Winston Churchill
Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records ; applications--why is he not doing this?
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas.WOfGLvNL They will own everything if we don't stop them now.
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term uTnOkmdd    More like $12T in new debt if he wins.
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London SV6KAS1E
I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said \"we have a black Muslim in the White House.\"
If only the morons @AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont) kkJz0Xd2
The full video of my @LibertyU speech uQGWpvKj  Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd.
\"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" -- The Art of the Deal
How long will it take for chants-- \"bring back the replacement refs\" -- when a bad call is made?
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
@baeck I agree!
@BenHyrne @LibertyU  Thank you.
.@EricTrump did an amazing job raising money for @StJude with his @EricTrumpFDN event featuring  @LisaLampanelli. Watch ttgMBDuI
@RandySpangler Thank you.
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville, Virginia (don't worry, only business). See Washington Post article\nUpqHL2s0
Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Must read column for all young people: \"Obama's war on young voters who elected him\"  ONgR13np
@ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU  Thank you
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU 1H1iaeCd
\"Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'\"\n T0qG07JY via Moneynews @Newsmax_Media
A clip of my @LibertyU speech talking about the importance of the election ; our country's potential 1H1iaeCd via@washingtonpost
\"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.\"  -- Aristotle
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
Pres. O -- a \"bump in the road\" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Hope ; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama cfM5RWYt  Four more years?
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you \"can't change Washington from the inside.\" Not what he said in '09. xCnCD6RN
.@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
\"Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness.\"  -- B.C. Forbes
...One point I made sure to stress at @LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Read about my @LibertyU speech in @jameshohmann's @politico Morning Score  UuoXEU8V
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster @Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf...\nBE3Bf2pV
Obama will be going on @theviewtv ; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly \"skin.\"
\"Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'\" s4XyK8HP  Via @Newsmax_Media
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations! iIblVQ0L
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how @MittRomney has to get tough, real unemployment ; bias press  7jwgCZsA
Emmys telecast is way down ; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
@designergirla Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
@designergirla Not a bad idea!
\"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.\" -- Charles F. Kettering
@DANCESWITHMETAL  I am sure you would be just fine!
@OwenKelly Thanks!
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created p1iTELDk
\"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.\" --Will Rogers
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe @Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise' B2Dh5qt3
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise. fmg7LokN
Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor qgn0G7vw
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
Today I spoke @LibertyU Convocation, a great crowd...\nH6Zd9twG
RT @MittRomney: I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
\"Amazing Race\" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records ; applications in return?
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.; his father have done an amazing job...great school ; the students were fantastic
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
A letter written to one of my many critics! Rr9pBzid
A letter from an amazing woman 2FKBFsxq
@jtatsuno  It's real.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions zhDLI5zH  Guess where these new costs get passed to – you.
I have fun, I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October. SV6KAS1E
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious DJCaRGNx His operation killed innocent Americans.
@susanvhinds  A happy and healthy family.
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack. iw7so3Y3
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
\"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.\" --Albert Einstein
.@janinegibson  yae18sRP
@sayhigreg  yae18sRP
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' VyM7u9dw China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
@Ileschinder @willsommer Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
@murekar Thanks, and we will keep you posted.
@JesseStroup  Nice to hear--and good luck!
Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse ZmOrBZsC   What was the excuse before the movie?
@murekar czU4cRUC    4dMRqAid
Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
Interesting article by @MattTowery @townhallcom:“It Is Time to Use ‘The Trump Card’” npeup5Du  Thanks Matt for the nice mention
My @CNN interview with @piersmorgan explaining why Mitt should not apologize  nfnnvKU5
Great article by Chris Ruddy @Newsmax_Media: \"@AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example\" JuytnxDt
To be successful, never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London. SV6KAS1E
Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
\"Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'\" rFzb4VqU via @Newsmax_Media
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Romney Said Nothing Wrong\" 9Iz82ygi
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars ; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
Via @washingtonpost: \"The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood\" by @CapehartJ  nxz1dYLb
My @gretawire interview \n eNgkidCD
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Obama should play golf with Republicans ; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
@danojano @AFreespeechzone  Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
@angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels Tune in!
@RowRee It will be fantastic!
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont) lae0dJlK
Can you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt.
.@RICKYMONEY  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt.
.@lightjzup  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
With 49 days until the election, @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
This morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @RNC video I filmed for the Tampa Convention ogglpBfQ
My @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @RNC video ; why @MittRomney should not apologize \njSHoeB2B
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3, @MittRomney's leaked comments, Middle East ; US oil capability 09bvhYUR
@princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines kMstNUBH   We are a laughing stock.
@rdowns I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October, I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure  SV6KAS1E
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
\"A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have.\" -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage KFAhowS7  Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
While Obama is denying it, he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before u78hfrJt Too busy campaigning?
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices ; financing.
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney ; @GOP
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
\"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'\" AVhNdaId  Via @thehill
Via @digitaljournal: \"Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'\" KuTnUOqB
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
\"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.\"\n--Johnny Cash
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read \"The Art of the Comeback.\"
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid  AQVEdKZn   Incompetent and unqualified.
No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet JMgUoRMF Did she also write it?
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont) 8mORe86h
@Shawn_Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
@Steelchecker  Jody--Agreed.
RT @MittRomney: For nearly 4 years, Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating ; American workers have paid the price.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
@ScottSaia23 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
@Josh_Beaupre  Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.
@MaryEnglish67 @USAToday  Sometimes that's necessary.
Amazing--playing with an ankle injury, @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont) EpJlkDqY
Via @starpulse: \"Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'\" Z5HjJFqj
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing QE3, the housing market, my stock picks and the 2012 election z4uCefaP
Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --\"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics.\" Why aren't these guys paying me?
@HeinzPak @usatoday That could be. Agreed.
@BuckingSlams  Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song \"Donald Trump.\"
\"Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.\" -- Milton Friedman
Must see video--Obama's criticism of @MittRomney is identical to Carter's on Reagan LT1Mz411
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at @Macy's 8YMD9fQH And best shirts ; ties
Congratulations to Obama and the @DNC. The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row 1DK4yTDS  \nNice work!
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income 3jzUjcnW  Four more years?
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
Obama's convention bounce is gone. @MittRomney has retaken the lead in the latest @RasmussenPoll  yOw3U3ja
It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,\n (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Wake Up America!  See article: \"Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake\" f7esUdSz
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
Romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont) kID8iQe7
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
\"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.\" -- Vince Lombardi
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
\"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel.\" -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Q6BpWj0I  Did they mean to honor the Russians?
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
\"It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) NNyJdQGy
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House WKhZV1Op  but doesn't have time for @netanyahu?
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) HVtjKSNN
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) TzsrGrEm
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya ; take the (cont) Jxi3LNb5
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best ; easiest fuel for our military.
I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
\"There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.\" -- Sun Tzu
\"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party.\" -- @limbaugh
Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime, Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings  \nIhiIaKPa
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  sPBPxwYY
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded ; 70% of our brave men ; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers ; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
\"Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough, they're not going to win this election'\" AVhNdaId  via @thehill
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone ; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012  LYLLbPVh
Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @CNN show  K239fAg4
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers HAQJOEZN
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
Obama called August's job report \"progress.\" Overall, 96K new jobs ; over 173K new people on food stamps\nOD3nBmsK
\"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.\"\n--General George S. Patton
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?  ywQEJZok   Who is he?
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports OMBeIR4x Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
\"President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people\"\n--Clint Eastwood
Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's \"in your face\" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont) FufZD79U
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood, the #DNC, and Drew Peterson- xWXnwfM7
\"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.\" -- Winston Churchill
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
During @BarackObama's presidency, median family income has fallen 4.8% OqAgfiQ7  Terrible for the middle class.
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th season\nHence, go with your gut!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
This chart from AEI's @JimPethokoukis shows how terrible @BarackObama's 'recovery' really is: NY3DQGrT   Disaster.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force ; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants, @GiulianaRancic and me singing \"Call Me Maybe\"  5HzwnSvM   has over 2M views.
Under @BarackObama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
\"We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion\" -- @MittRomney
\"Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people.\" --@MittRomney
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip T5xzkNuL  They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting \"Four More Years.\" Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
.@BarackObama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention 2F5BtROF
\"Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign\"  SROnhIhF
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Once again under@BarackObama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness  v7jzCXej \n We must do better.
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
\"Change before you have to.\" --Jack Welch
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) 913rKvQ9
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
No surprise. @BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans tJPJqsBV  Big mistake!
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs ; trade during @BarackObama's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama, 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention, @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
Is this Hope ; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
\"Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.\" -- Steve Jobs
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
@MELANIATRUMP on @QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces ; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade IBtQRcic They stole the technology from us.
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China.\" --@MittRomney
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
\"Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward,' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from.\" --@marcorubio
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
\"If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you will never change the outcome.\"  -- Michael Jordan
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
It's Friday, how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?
A fact--golfers don't get aches ; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @CondoleezzaRice's speech. Chris has completely lost it.
Letterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
Too busy playing golf? @BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs   ELKcqTyr
I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
\"After four  years of getting the run-around, America needs a turnaround, and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney.\" @PaulRyanVP
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
\"Let me say it as clearly as possible, that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me.\" -- @GovMike Huckabee
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC ; the speculators get away with this?!
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like @JoeBiden  UkCnZrrJ
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
I was putting together my early deals in New York ; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself ; you can do anything.
China's media is attacking @MittRomney while endorsing @BarackObama  mV75eJFy  Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
\"America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now.\" -- @GovChristie
\"No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!\" -- @AnnDRomney
\"New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency.\" -- @bobmcdonnell
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off ; @MittRomney's job policy  E42phpQq
Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
An excerpt of my @TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party siTTYVPX
China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya @BarackObama's \"homeland\" in 2008  lQKQ2C7n
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
I can't wait to read this...RT @Newsmax_Media: SEAL Book Explodes, Obama Furious wDNpUqfz
.@BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called @MittRomney a \"murderer\"  5gOxonMZ  Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare.
\"I stand ready to lead us down a new path, where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed, not by a resentment of success.\" -- @MittRomney
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney  should be elected and @BarackObama has to go.
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!
Remember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
\"Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'\"  dh5ibmgS  Via @CNNPolitics
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going \"green\" -- They would laugh in your face!
.@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
My @FoxNews @TeamCavuto interview discussing the @RNC Convention, businesses making products in China and unemployment JhuoyBU8
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
.@FinancialTimes writes that \"@BarackObama should pray that China overtakes US\"  kAeMtnLg Don't worry, he is making it happen.
The US Navy wants to go \"green.\" Our Navy should use the best ; most powerful fuel ; not play games. Give me a break!
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines ; ratings!
Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer ; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
.@BarackObama has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term  sL82thBo
\"They succeed, because they think they can.\" -- Virgil
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-lpq2SveJ
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called \"birther\" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
\"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.\" --Irving Berlin
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental ; aesthetic disaster.
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
Life brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it. jilJv0DF
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. s2jhbivz
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
Disgusting--@BarackObama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign  iOAu0nC0 Shameful but no surprise.
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
Via @theblaze: \"Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'\"  fdf0CeK7
Former Navy SEAL Questions @BarackObama's birthplace\nM9YVlUGA
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said, “children should not get vaccinated.” I believe fully (cont) L4N6tBc0
.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai ; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
\"When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you've got plenty to watch.\" --Anonymous
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course, watch the video- 6S6a8kZ7
.@MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020 GNYBboEP @BarackObama will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
@ArsenioOFFICIAL You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
\"Statesman of the Year\" in Sarasota, FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
Great new ad from @MittRomney titled \"Nothing's Free\" FliU8TJb detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare.
Via @dcexaminer: \" to speak at @LibertyU\" D2KyOMsQ
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
\"Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.\" -- Rudy Giuliani
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  \"It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it.\"
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him \"too seriously.\"
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!
.@EdRendell's book, \"A Nation of Wusses\" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing \"great\" at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.
.@washingtonpost thinks @IvankaTrump is \"What Washington's Social Scene Needs\" EB8o1Rvs Truth is, she's amazing.
\"An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.\" --Henry Ford
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges.
Amazing--both Transformers ; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
.@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowReport last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year ; then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY @SquawkCNBC interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries 63kokpBK
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings, @ToddAkin's statement ; @MittRomney's policies  EERRAehO
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama is running a hateful campaign ; the @RNC convention 'Surprise' t4cc60P5
The @WTA released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.  t48NSUWX
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
.@Rosie, get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
\"I dream for a living.\" --Steven Spielberg
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based  mgeJGq2e @BarackObama is a job killer.
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Americans already believe that @PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as  President over @JoeBiden  Ankpt5Uj   No surprise.
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
\"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.\" \n--Vidal Sassoon
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
If @BarackObama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T URVNZ1Kj  China is laughing all the way to the bank.
.@MittRomney ; @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
Great speech on China by @PaulRyanVP yesterday where he explains why China is treating @BarackObama like a \"Doormat\" rAkOAwVp
Even NY Democrats are avoiding @BarackObama's convention  SmKsHwIL  He is dragging his own party down with him
Great sign:\"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!\" qeN3dOvF Commonly heard now across America!
.@DineshDSouza had to give $1,000 to @BarackObama's brother for his child's hospital bill  IqYuz9zS  Isn't that disgraceful?
Via @EllonTimesKenny: \"Trump course sparks international interest\" ZJ3kVQXG
My @gretawire interview discussing why @BarackObama is not a nice guy, and who will win the 2012 election\n 5uxH5UbZ
My @FoxNews interview on @TeamCavuto discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates ; @RNC convention  4BAyxEx5
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich, powerful, and beautiful. It's your summer must-read.  lQKvIzzV
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things.
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passport records, college records ; applications...
\"The harder I work, the luckier I get.\" -- Samuel Goldwyn
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
Good news - @MittRomney has pulled ahead in Wisconsin  CrJ8tEr7 WIth @PaulRyanVP on the ticket, Wisconsin is in play.
I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1,000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
A great photo of @MittRomney and me 4hJ5HGLc
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
My interview with Don Imus on @77WABCradio discussing my @RNC convention surprise ; @MittRomney's China policy kWK49NuX
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
\"Mr. President, take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago.\" -- @MittRomney
\"If you don't have a competitive advantage, don't compete.\"   -- Jack Welch
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont) 8t01tOfl
@GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and @MittRomney will lose. @GeorgeFWill is a moron.
$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) NZuyiZkl
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
.@MissTeenUSA visited today- so3JveGZ
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdock
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. @Salon
Congratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will \"put y'all back in chains\" was not at all proper.
Watch @PaulRyanVP explain how \"'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'\" TeWHwTTP
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
\"The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago.\" -@MittRomney
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market yry3tiWE #TimeToGetTough
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit ; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Via @DC_Decoder: \"Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?\" 4wFrQYtL  Answer: Something major!
Via @CNNPolitics:  \"Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention\" ZUisvmnp  It's true, just wait and see...
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @MittRomney's pick of @PaulRyanVP, how to frame Medicare debate ; @RNC convention OGcbQ8z8
Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
In ’08, @PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy I3ctX8ur @BarackObama has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.
“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products 43EBom3h  People get it!
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative ; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
\"Believe you can and you're halfway there.\"\n--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
RT @IBDeditorials: Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student? PnlEqnYc
Waste--@BarackObama's Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals ZHTrUAAa
Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past xdombsP3  We can ; must do better.
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered- 8iYmgpP6
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
.@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair.
SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that \"Tourism jump is thanks to Trump.\" 8,000 visitors in one month from 20 countries,,, ZC0boYWu
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech' \nA968lMWo
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the \"Statesman of the Year\" award.
As we told the @nydailynews, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.  0ah0hBJt  They don't understand why they can't cheat.
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont) gxoxLUdk
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
.@PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices 3yqQkzfs \nREPEAL!
.@MikeTyson and @SpikeLee I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog 9bWwiJQg
A review of @MikeTyson's show, great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland, and more in today's #trumpvlog- 9bWwiJQg
Waste. With 22 new taxes ; $1.8T in added debt, @BarackObama's disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured B0tpm6It
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
.@MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube YeBeTEfe  You're welcome Mac!
Even more @BarackObama crony capitalism ; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor ifF3hqT9
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention  A968lMWo
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare m8aFG5sb We must do better. @MittRomney has the vision to get America working.
\"Americans never quit.\" -- General Douglas MacArthur
The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
I wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
DESPERATE- @BarackObama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on @MittRomney's VP picks GN1yv5z3  Dirty tactics.
These are facts: In 2001, the US opened its markets to China ; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont) coEWpKGc
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring hdeJacWE  Why? ObamaCare, US debt ; @BarackObama's tax plan.
\"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.\"  -- William James
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat ; Steal in all international dealings.
Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban nqyeOLry Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
My @WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects ; our airports PoaYvpSz
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing the @RNC convention, @BarackObama's sealed records ; real estate advice Fr4wsvsw
My @FoxBusiness interview on @Varneyco discussing @BarackObama's dirty tactics ; how @MittRomney should respond YbjBBGcf
The NYPost reports \"@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold.\" Very sad ; their bloggers are doing even worse!
Great article by @WayneRoot @theblaze -- \"Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'\" mP76RKHT
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) VIJXqCgo
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @FoxNews
I am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt ;  ruined US credit.
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' 55zpQJB2  @BarackObama has ruined our economic hegemony.
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
The @whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254% not 8.3%  JZNEbuJG  A little sensitive are we?
The real outsourcer - @BarackObama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money aMSg3aXw  How does that help us?
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. LWhbf4ml  The new reality. @BarackObama is weak.
I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
Outrageous--@BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio ASUy2Q5b Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the @GOP convention, @BarackObama's sealed records ; @SenatorReid's tax claim\nfD5WYSze
The real war on women--over 175,000 fewer held jobs in July ; 94,000 dropped out of labor force eJjnDxvi  We must do better.
Congratulations to @BarackObama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded eJjnDxvi
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse azS83eAN
Wrong--@BarackObama's '08 campaign manager ; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate azS83eAN
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
\"Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.\" -- Robert T. Kiyosaki\n@theRealKiyosaki
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office ; told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
China's Olympic training program is abusive aZ2ihCnv It is modern day slavery ; shameful. Their (cont) yMfSHjqr
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year \nhCpQuryC  China is laughing at us---as usual.
Great new ad from @CmteForIsrael: 'Next Year...President @MittRomney in Jerusalem, the Capital of Israel' 6xUs8cMy
Good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals ARumQ0yi  Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins.
Make sure to grab your copy of this month's @Newsmax_Media detailing \"The Trump Effect\"  79UqF1vO
We need a President who understands the economy - @gallupnews has US unemployment at 8.2% in July, up from 8% in June  S0Igc7Bu
In '08, @BarackObama hit Bush for secrecy aiwwi3Q9  When will Obama release all his sealed college records?!
\"Capital isn't scarce; vision is.\" \n\n--Sam Walton
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @BarackObama donated to himself.
More lies and deceptions--@BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection FexCgmzX
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
Jobless claims rose yet again last week wHykAcxV @BarackObama's economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Now @BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   W0ur3yr2
.@MittRomney Op-Ed \"Culture Does Matter\" : rvIqsxcT
Ohio Senator @RobPortman: @MittRomney knows how to return prosperity: tfLcjCNC #Mitt2012 #tcot
Good article: \"What Happened to American Men\" from @Newsmax by Michael Cohen xoo32RR9
NEW @MittRomney TV AD \"Dream\" - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: D1yC29ty  #tcot
\"Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.\"-- @Newsmax_Media's cover \"The Trump Effect\"
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
\"Control your own destiny or someone else will.\"\n-- @jack_welch
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. @BarackObama's policies have created a climate (cont) GA2MwpVg
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about @BarackObama is labeled stupid, insane, or (cont) SjrJXxeq
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
More waste, fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households ZmCzIZbK  Where's the accountability?
Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
In '08 @BarackObama called Jerusalem Israel's capital JfV7PRHk Now he attacks @MittRomney on Jerusalem kGtwEC7o
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
Great to see @MittRomney being well-received in Poland LscukqHL The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing  2012 election polls, @MittRomney's current trip ; the US housing ; land market jKSWEwSk
.@BarackObama blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.  zH0CBxEn  \nA terrible deal for US!
Reckless--@BarackObama is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget ; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade icpABbJQ
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 ; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
\"There is no substitute for hard work.\"\n\n--Thomas Edison
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope ; Change!
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez ; @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
What a 'nice guy' - 97% of @BarackObama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on @MittRomney \nrHSLJ9OQ Give it back Mitt!
Good news - @RasmussenPoll has @MittRomney beating @BarackObama 49%-44%  qvUIlevF  Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08.
I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney, the race will go his way. He's honorable ; successful man--polls looking good.
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets ; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous ; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope ; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt ; we wonder why China ; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Remember when @BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care N4sR0XSI
Twitter is on @BarackObama's enemies list X3XeJ5jx
Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan \"worked\"  GELl3XSD  Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan?
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
.@penn_state leadership has permanently scarred ; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont) PzHMUYVO
Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? sBijowpt  At least @BarackObama is consistent.
China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off waPwJGxo
BIG--@MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over @BarackObama by 63%-29% in a @gallupnews poll iXove8Rh
.@thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: \"Trump: 'Clamor for @MittRomney's tax returns has died down'\" kelmrLeG
From: @Newsmax_Media: \": Public not Worried About @MittRomney's Tax Returns\" MB7X1xWL
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing housing prices, the GDP numbers, China spreading its wealth and my stock picks. isphPEQQ
\"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.\"\n\nThe Art of The Deal
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Read this--@BarackObama's birth certificate \"cannot survive judicial scrutiny\" because of \"phantom numbers\" DIv9sLI2
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses @BarackObama FiQnPjFs Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of \"Why Obama won't release his college transcripts\"- Come on, Jay!
Hypocrite--@BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas tleFMljT
Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.
Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as \"in decline\" ppUu3yvO
Who else could take 16 vacations, play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont) HMtyFeFB
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt, @Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M CVPNrEmD
Must read article in @washtimes: \"@RealSheriffJoe probe could dwarf Watergate\" GbVjCn0z
Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365,000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.  OG4StXtX
My @CNBCClosingBell interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to @BarackObama and the job report U6lgyo6E
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
With @BarackObama listing himself as \"Born in Kenya\" in 1999http://bit.ly/JaHQW0 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.  #SCAM
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled, but the truth will come out.
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--@BarackObama should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont) MQy3bzfR
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials ; death penalty for mass murderers ; terrorists.
Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
Breitbart gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records ; grades. He says he loves (cont) YJxA91PI
.@BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged 3KgJncEM while factory activity is (cont) ZEZYhUA4
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
More $ thrown away - @BarackObama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its \"success\" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy wbUFGDm8
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at @Forbes about \"The Biggest Government  Spender in World History\"\nto6ooroM
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
In 1999 @BarackObama said that he didn't support Welfare Reform suqTj30M He just gutted the entire program.
Via @BreitbartFeed--why doesn't @BarackObama release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya?pDDHJcjH
Great new campaign ad just released by @MittRomney  YAuCG786
Since @BarackObama is on such a \"transparency\" kick--how about releasing Fast ; Furious info to Brian Terry's family?\ndAFnZBvA
My @seanhannity interview where I discuss @BarackObama's Job Council, @RealSheriffJoe's investigation ; 2012 election MycLr19i
Corrupt--@BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle \n9tPQ5mbp  Chicago cronyism
\"Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser.\" --How To Get Rich
Columbia University stated there was a \"computer error\" in their system concerning @BarackObama's attendance. (cont) 5P104rFT
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- 1tD9P1jC
\"Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.\" --Caesar
The new @BarackObama motto - \"You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success\" ...
So @BarackObama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko zbgkGPdN
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to \"learn how to be an American.\"
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% c9PYimWh
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
As I always said, the \"Birthers\" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
So @BarackObama's campaign is calling @MittRomney a potential criminal gLPRy9lS How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
@NewYorkPost's Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere  GOnL8CT1
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with @melaniatrump via @NewYorkObserver's @velvet_roper ow3Jfwj3
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list @BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application? OKBJCRzs
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: \"If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax.\"
Watch @BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX 6JlII3R8 The GOP must continue to Disrupt, Dismantle ; Repeal!
According to a @gallupnews poll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers J375jNf1 ObamaCare is a T-A-X.
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS  Vlyj8nKx
For the sake of transparency, @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
When will we see @BarackObama's passport records (sealed)?
.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
My interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 \"Statesman of the Year\" by Sarasota GOP sgfo8Om6
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3, @BarackObama's college records ; 2012 election  aO6hdE9E
My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog- xRc4oKn6
Remember how @ObamaCare did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits f2aVsybQ
I hope @MittRomney now starts asking for any ; all of @BarackObama's sealed records--it's time.
.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I wonder what the answer is on @BarackObama's college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont) E8q0xakY
Outrageous--@BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform gd9UgcQZ  He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
\"The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.\" -- Sun Tzu
So much for Hope and Change. @BarackObama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states pBayUVFj
He has no respect for American exceptionalism. @BarackObama has outsourced our space program to the Russians usMgfinG
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on winning access to federal database zxr8HKTJ  He is making FL a safe ; legal election for 2012
I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  @OMAROSA
What controversy? 2 'active' @BarackObama supporters at Bain have confirmed that @MittRomney left in '99 fojpXKso No story here.
Bain did not list @MittRomney as an Executive on its website in 2000 dcTOq3QZ @BarackObama's Saul Alinsky tactics won't work!
My @foxandfriends interview discussing how @BarackObama should release his college applications ; records 0UsM6yZT
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order ; should renegotiate his contract
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to \"pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview.\" Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
My friend @TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont) S4zZJ4A8
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
In his entire political career, @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
A true honor. @PressSec considers asking for @BarackObama's college transcripts a \"Donald Trump question.\" fdRoq2V5  Release it!
.@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Don't believe the lies--every budget @BarackObama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE DVU19PVi
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him \"ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Nasty  tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
\"Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility, economic security, and the expansion of the middle class.\" - @MittRomney
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
\"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.\"\n\n--Ralph Waldo Emerson
\"If you don't have passion, everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or, at best, be mediocre. Is that how (cont) eksS9XhO
Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
.@BarackObama reported over $269,710 of foreign income out of his gross $894,520 and paid $5,841 in foreign taxes \noUe7JRnf
Even the Left realizes that @BarackObama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. HO3AmJh3
Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Very strange--why do database records contradict @BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? ZJojrvvG
\"There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical.\" --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Nice interview in the @The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award odIYqiq3
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
Via @AFP: \"Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland\"  s9YZymoA
Chris Ruddy is always on point: \"Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'\" imy5WsQr  via @Newsmax_Media
Great article in the @guardian -- \"Donald Trump opens £100m golf course\" bi2VmLJE
How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast ; Furious?!
What a coincidence?! @BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. EAvn6KPU
\"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.\" \n-- Winston Churchill
Congrats to @BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) z3uEpKWL
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true. 0842B3yZ
The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
Why is @BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest\n 4IVBckTE
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
President Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont) VXNSqp4g
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links, Scotland- VNZRRteT
Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump, she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomney
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
\"Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.\" ― F. Scott Fitzgerald
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some \"ally.\"
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2%.  @BarackObama's economy is a disaster nJ0glzLd New numbers tomorrow.
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
\"We must never bend too much.\" -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012) hucDSvb7
Welcome to @BarackObama's America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability\" V7cQCFNx Where are the jobs?!
Via @AP's: ObamaCare \"is a tax\" vZmg1g5v @BarackObama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful!
Hypocrite! in '06 @BarackObama called private equity \"the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality\" OCnibfe5
Just as I predicted, @BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November. ISaJp1xo
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @BarackObama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer.http://b.globe.com/Lj5bqW
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick ; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers WTuwxPJB The mosque is never going up.
Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day, America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate   0Dnwgi5p
I believe @BarackObama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont) nCcjoSzw
Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K  OJTV1miD
Is it legal for @BarackObama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One? TJM5NNVT Obama is always fundraising on our dime.
Why is @BarackObama continuing to lie? arwFQ3xA has found that @MittRomney did not ship jobs overseas 1fvw7Atm
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Don't believe @BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC rSCMqggG
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder. L4FVnlof
WRONG: A China court ordered @apple to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before @apple 4sYZMQHh
My @foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare, the Romney-Trump fundraiser ; my plans for Jones Beach uFZHeEhM
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
\"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.\" --General Douglas MacArthur
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes\n 05sjPOxx  There's now only one solution--defeat @BarackObama this November! #GOMITT
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online ; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont) w47Efau7
Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position. 09769AIk
Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and @MittRomney a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax, (cont) 1SwLH6c5
Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont) hsd0dVjn
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. fZndm7zB
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.
A list from @Heritage: \"Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees\" 7xUAxXOq
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
Remember this---@BarackObama told @GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is \"not true\" that the individual mandate is a tax XNsbCxCs
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Wow, the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
\"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.\" --Benjamin Disraeli
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) lqmm7BYh
Who's the outsourcer? @BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. rW8CaIsc
A \"Lion's List\" of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. 8j3bT1cZ
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
\"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.\" --Vernon Sanders Law
Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments Y50nOI5R They will own our country soon.
Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists OilIIIub
Shock - @BarackObama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled. HoOrtf0z
\"Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.\" -- Norman Vincent Peale
Outrageous- @BarackObama has spent over $2.7B on implementing @ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS  RPwiLB86
I am glad America is starting to get to know @MittRomney the way I know him. A wonderful ; decent family man (cont) nukaZ0fR
Another broken promise by @BarackObama: @ObamaCare actually increases income inequality hULkXMqC It must be fully repealed!
What a statesman! @BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont) 1lCvEarb
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
My @foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt, our vast natural gas resources ; US tax system  VHGk9X1I
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
An insightful article on @BarackObama Db8uYVfO
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked. CgZyoszb
Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte Cak0BpR1 Smart politics!
Watch the WH spokesman try to spin @BarackObama's rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast ; Furious MYGebRJq
The $9B that @BarackObama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar, Wind Projects created 910 total jobs, costing $9.8M each. ar9GHKlz
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for @Moody's giving AAA (cont) 8eY1iFc5
U.S. tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years, the average price has gone up by 15%. BUNtYpbt Unsustainable!
Congrats to @MiamiHEAT on winning @NBA championship. @MickyArison is a tremendous owner ; has done wonders for (cont) 1uZiBeXj
Good messaging and staying on point. @MittRomney called @BarackObama \"anti-investment, anti-business, anti-jobs\"\nN7bVK7IY
\"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.\" - Thomas Edison
Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them N6svVkUK   We can do much better!
The @BarackObama campaign took in \n$39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
The new @DarKnightRises trailer is fantastic OGSnTISb  Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming.
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
SHOCK - @BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @MittRomney events\n TdZTHk2v
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast ; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. 3xYbmuyx
The Amateur! First @BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  f0CFiUS9
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
.@MacMiller's \"Donald Trump\" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians,Syrians ; Russians along Syrian coast. 4B9uLXxV Laughing at @BarackObama
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Now even @BarackObama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. QoH1or3m  He has embarrassed them.
My @SquawkCNBC interview re: Europe's financial mess, investing in Spain, Germany's economy and the future of the Euro MtwYtrNz
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
\"Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.\" -Jack Welch
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
Win a dinner with @MittRomney and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes! tqhszz5n
\"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.\" -- John Wooden
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
\"Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.\" --Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
\"I don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of (@BarackObama), picking losers\" --@MittRomney
Failure--for all of @BarackObama's talk of \"engaging the world,\" U.S. favorability has dropped around the world I6sohsGm
Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-  fxavxE8Y
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want @BarackObama re-elected 6emqKVhx
Today both @BarackObama and @MittRomney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont) 7sVT1dDY
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
\"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.\" --Vince Lombardi
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, @BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy Wp4ozvQx
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
The @MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options b3IvAjvi The perfect remedy!
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting ; start worrying about some of her many problems.
Good news--@MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to @ppppolls. The NC GOP is united after their (cont) O5YRxtOd
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing @JebBush's comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice ; Trump#Miss Universe iV3bM8LD
Biden @VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips FIsVfaV0
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Good--@FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls  4TYPvqvh  Florida must be a legal election.
\"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\" --Winston Churchill
Sad.@BarackObama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China.http://nyti.ms/KAOnVq
Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 WoEWPYj5  But @BarackObama thinks the private economy is \"doing fine.\"
.@MittRomney is 100% right. The US Supreme Court should do \"the right thing\" ; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont) LEMCBr00
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo, but Beijing.  wNWdZjTE
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
The @timestribune - \"@EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development\"  j3UREEXQ
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, the Doral Miami purchase, OPEC's output ; @PGATOUR Open hR2kh5iO
My @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher's comments, attacks on @MittRomney and @CNN ; @msnbctv's low ratings WrVwfD1m
Sadly, it took a hit ; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
\"The entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job.\" --Michael Gerber
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants zKgdVbCd  Does it get any dumber?
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design Oqi65Leb We should offset their theft from our debt.
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector \"is doing fine\" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
\"Donald Trump\" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu, a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
Accounting firm Ernst ; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Now @BarackObama is telling @MittRomney how to control his own assets. 01OoawRJ  Obama is consumed by class warfare.
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
\"He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.\" -- Sun Tzu
Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with @MittRomney. Mitt gave a great interview yesterday YfYXJdAQ
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.... uO6ERFGP
Shock--even more @BarackObama solar corruption. @VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan. DHDYkWB2
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
How foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @BarackObama accepts donations from Bain? 1qJRbcBY
It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of @Doral in Miami. (cont) ITiDQOj1
.@MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you! sfGfJPJi
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
Is Roger Simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking @BillClinton in defense of (cont) NPsNOsue
.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. @BarackObama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) 2c3kW42h
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
It was @BarackObama who promised \"if you like your plan, you can keep your plan.\" Now ObamaCare is causing (cont) IhR83UxW
China's best friend @BarackObama wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships, the lowest level since WWI.http://bit.ly/Mvg74D
\"A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one.\" -- Henry Ford
While @BarackObama spends recklessly on domestic projects, he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts y9zraGZt
What a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics  X56yengT
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look- z3kDVQBn
Just cancelled my subscription to @USATODAY. Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont) aNt78s4h
My @SquawkCNBC interview. nR0W01sg
Now that China's own economy is slowing w0QJcGBg watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont) fhAL7I49
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
The real war on women. Under @BarackObama 766,000 more women are unemployed from when he took office GOkfL9sQ
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. PAOcLPbh
I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset @DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower Z4m84gW2  #Israel
My @foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo, the job numbers ; the waste of the Obama stimulus sF4a0ZFQ
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
\"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.\" --Paul Tournier
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012- 5HzwnSvM
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring  the @MissUSA contestants, @BravoAndy, and @GiulianaRancic-  bSMvSBui
I am in Las Vegas for the @MissUSA 2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on @NBC at 9PM ET. ZOiVZGEQ
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- cYgENvsB @MissUSA 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC.
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a \"bad time\" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont) ITd5hSBd
\"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.\" --Paul Tournier
Now the @BarackObama campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate! E3tR9S8r
Waste! The CBO now estimates that @BarackObama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created acb1EiXg
What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
Now @BarackObama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term  h2xe7VHT
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: \"@MittRomney had a sterling business career.\"
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort ; Casino in Las Vegas
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
@melaniatrump's interview on @foxandfriends discussing her beautiful jewelry line,my son Barron and the 2012 campaign DwlYZcKV
The @MissUSA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City- ywtHq4DU
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Thank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story- ckRwPXLB
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
\"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but (cont) FEQvzsRZ
US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April\nmdCXy9VJ  This is the Obama recovery?
Pathetic! Since @GovWalker is going to win the recall, @BarackObama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett P6cwj6Dp
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9% tX9ij8KQ  The economy is in deep trouble.
Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?
Dine with The Donald and Mitt sfGfJPJi
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is \"the largest expansion by any oil company in the world\" (cont) OSVJxn1A
\"The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'\"\n--Orison Swett Marden
Commodity prices are beginning  \nto drop as a result of the Euro crisis \n16WTPCHy
So @ReutersPolitics claims that @MittRomney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' OMpv8F10 Where (cont) b85y89lz
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
George Will was critical of @MittRomney throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) B9h5IveG
George Will was pushing for @JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) iLOtZA6z
The @BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice ; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) uTkqPOQv
My @gretawire interview discussing my @MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) PXMkCoCW
My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn where I discuss @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' and why @CNN has low ratings PQwR5XUh
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover @BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit loar8BD6
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers kr5OVY5Q China loves to cheat!
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by @SertaMattresses. If you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont) MnEU4dAP
In his own words, @BarackObama \"was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii.\" This statement was made, (cont) nIsSypv9
Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!
What could be better than dinner with @MittRomney and me? tqhszz5n
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
It's amazing how celebrities such as @Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) xvUVZjoM
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen ; the result is going to be much different.
\"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.\"   Aristotle
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
So @BarackObama will attack @MittRomney's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives kXrifY31
Unsustainable- @BarackObama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term Lc7Qn9ei He loves debt.
Now @BarackObama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees iAOgMPI1  He always goes against @Israel's interest.
In '08, @BarackObama said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic.http://bit.ly/pEd2Ww @BarackObama has already added $6T.
I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.
Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
.@BarackObama is practically begging @MittRomney to disavow the place of birth movement, he is afraid of it and (cont) eHvjlV0S
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
\"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.\" -- Winston Churchill
HYPOCRITE! Long before @BarackObama called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rallyhttp://bit.ly/LqIha7
Dine With The Donald and Mitt:\nsfGfJPJi
Pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City I66Z4pI2 We loved the movie!
Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government?MeMEVEST Seems excessive.
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. @BarackObama
My @Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC, US gas resources, @MittRomney and running a campaign against @BarackObama kVgkaCuO
\"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.\" Ralph Waldo Emerson
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in \"Men in Black.\" Congrats!
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @Followlolo
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt BYFRxtzJ It must be repealed!
Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia \"declined\" in \"quality\" according to the Columbia Spectator 9ypDUY7v
Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer @BarackObama doesn't (cont) B3UEvZFy
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
Disaster! The @BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going \"to throw us back into a recession\" according to the CBO DnIZD13r
\"Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals.\" -- Henry Ford
A bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign enWZOtf2
A segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign xLLHI3ni
The @BarackObama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations VOu2MZm1
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonight
I wonder if @BarackObama ever applied to Occidental, Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont) HXsveYBa
The Republicans should use everything against @BarackObama--just as @BarackObama is going to use everything (cont) F9KCD01E
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
Hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?SDZUsknQ  That's a speech everyone would watch.
I am a registered Republican. \nUuoXEU8V With @MittRomney as the nominee, we can defeat @BarackObama.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @BarackObama QRJymuz0
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter- f1pTaR0C
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about \"the first African-American president of the (cont) iukNzpaC
Rapper @MacMiller's song, \"Donald Trump\", now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
Mr. Pesident, @BarackObama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy \"reporter\" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont) tvUKqx9O
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win? 1IjFi52y Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
Sure--@BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' 7Es4VubI Pretty convenient.
Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate. @BarackObama was described in 2003 as being \"born in Kenya.\" vfqJesJL
Reckless! Why is @BarackObama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn? \nsYk3t3Eb
Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummer
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont) iVtmq6xX
Under Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
\"The best vision is insight.\" --Malcolm Forbes
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?
@Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup! 2hYRxRyi @RealMarkZuck
Here's what I told @Gretawire on @FOX when it comes to singer @Cher's inappropriate attacks on @MittRomney pxFdRaxs
\"Diligence is the mother of good luck.\"\n--Benjamin Franklin
SHOCK! While attacking @MittRomney's private equity experience, @BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers aYUkRiKy
Wrong! Under @BarackObama's watch, @Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month X45YRQNE
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
The final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- nyHZlcvX
Under @BarackObama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. UU29ZNyd
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus 9KrxSpZp   Ridiculous.
A great ad from @MittRomney showing \"A Few of the 23 Million\" unemployed who need economic change 7FiDpMSh Take it to him Mitt!
Why won't @BarackObama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage? FcxsbAty  He is gaming the issue.
According to @RasmussenPoll @MittRomney has a 12 point advantage over @BarackObama on the economy qXrSI6rH Look for it to grow.
Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the \"Hall of Famous Missourians.\" Rush is a great guy ; a great character.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon, banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial 1CxrxsiK
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's misleading political ad, @MittRomney's response and @Cher  ; @Rosie RwVXex4e
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
\"Don't find fault. Find a remedy.\"\n  \n --Henry Ford
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare, @BarackObama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools A5fGcL6m
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us, the latest is the Philippines  zOZKQvPY  Very aggressive
Did @BarackObama try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?  wLn2pV1q \nI am sure the media will be all over this.
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: \"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\"
Facebook billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont) xaPBfxlm
Very resource rich Canada, our neighbor, is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S. 8DUw3buf
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern
@Cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont) 2CP8oCFD
@AndyPettitte ratted out his best friend @RogerClemens in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the \"programmatic\" killing of bald eagles.
Good news. Voters give @MittRomney the edge over @BarackObama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews qPjiA1mR
If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under @BarackObama then real unemployment (cont) eYFLfBkL
Selective memory - @BarackObama says that he \"forgets\" the recession 6Zbad1Vr Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season! y6Qsh1uv
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
In the UK, taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate. 27pgt7EF \nThey (cont) Nruh9YtE
Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates FIi49Rcn The US manufacturing sector is being (cont) XFG4EROU
@Charles Barclay, a friend of mine ; a wonderful guy, didn't mean to be so nasty to @MittRomney.  He was just (cont) oaM3aYN6
Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
Welcome to the new reality. @BarackObama is now letting China buy US banks i1C02ub2 The US government is selling us out.
.@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell, a total loser!
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Joe Biden called America \"the Problem\" vis a vis Iran T1cPLiZn  He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@JoeBiden
My @gretawire interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election  t8vXrOYz
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook AiV3QMch
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\"  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) 9UJZB8nA
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner @JohnRich and @MarleeMatlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode- 2M1jSV0W
\"Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality.\" #MidasTouch
\"I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience.\" @MidasTouch @theRealKiyosaki
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos ; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
V.P.....really! psCtMgTM
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
\"You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do.\"  Great quote by Henry Ford.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping, mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain. WwyMRksQ
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
No wonder Afghanistan is a mess! @BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. clTDHlZ8
I had a great time doing press interviews with @LisaLampanelli and @Teresa_Giudice earlier today- SMt5i3Jp
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor. Uw7Pe5OQ
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!  AK7DjjmS
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo, @MittRomney, the job numbers and @CelebApprentice rYX1QAaB
\"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
\"Ultimately, Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it, I live in it, and I have a (cont) JXUofag8
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @3nVMusic I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved. My instincts (cont) KjrV13fV
#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company… #sweepstweet
I have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. (cont) L7NuAMWi
#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool.
#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”?  No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
I’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet
It’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC
This Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
According to @BarackObama the War on Terror is over  7SRYZNQ1\nbut global warming is a national (cont) icVj8CTJ
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.
Welcome to the @BarackObama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3%  7SRYZNQ1
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522,000 more people are out of the labor force to 88,419,000.  7SRYZNQ1
Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeter
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open- 8YLpnNvy
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
Now @BarackObama is praising China's \"cooperation\" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng 1BZtYueX This is a sad episode for us.
The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months 5RjNvrxO \nObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs.
\"The economy will come back, but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont) 8Fv3cJT2
WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy UjH2fKV0  China really has our number
Snowboarder/Skateboarder @Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week....\n1dxKg2kc
When will @BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts?\nMzg1l6qo
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in @washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes uuUXXPtn
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years YtC2mTRE China is eroding the US manufacturing sector.
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great  C1ZY0tP2 The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.
Editorial by @DonaldJTrumpJr in the \"DailyCaller: \"Defending Innovation in America\" kaaA4m05
My interview with @NYDNGatecrasher discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of @MittRomney Le6O3n4b
\"China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) XyzZFCP0
\"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) SmgUDVmG
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
Bad move-@BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians ZGf87eCQ That money is going to Hamas.
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned 7V5KiE1c  Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
@rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly \"fit\" to run his corporation.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, my Scotland property ; @BarackObama using Bin Laden's death KPzXEn9E
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD, lowering tax rates, Republic of Georgia ; (cont) 02GXcV9D
\"The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont) hGSyF1yi
\"Our Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom, economic freedom, (cont) tTKxpAnc
Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success @Macys Herald Square BP0IPDxq
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? X2Zd05DP @BarackObama is (cont) ER9gG6qJ
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt 8R0Q3Dv7 Only in America!
Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design eLizmW37 We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a \"rat\" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
My @gretawire interview where I discuss fixing the economy, killing Bin Laden, the John Edwards trial and fair trade.http://bit.ly/JpSxkA
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
#SuccessByTrump Here’s a photo from my appearance at @Macy's Herald Square with @ximenanr V6IbtmWH
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds gs0KKvlK  Where's the outcry?
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high YGgShXLS Where's the @BarackObama recovery?
The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K W6kIpd5x They love to spend money.
\"In this book, our second together, we share what gives us the Midas Touch, the ability to turn things we touch (cont) 4oo7kCkG
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on @nbc at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont) dRahWWXr
The EPA is caught saying that their \"philosophy is to crucify oil companies\" oDp4BIdE  That will sure lower the price of gas.
Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission ccoFmRm9 @BarackObama gave vague directions.
\"I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont) Ns9U0zgk
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards
I wonder why @BarackObama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election? jCpBE1CR
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th. MAfHhRUp
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year OsoP36e9 The price of gas has to be lowered.
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1% in March. ZxzpJQnT  Now is the time to buy property.
He @BarackObama believes that the War on Terror is over de0ax99Y  Who does he think won?
Congratulations to @MittRomney on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'  AkPU4De6
\"Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. \nChina is (cont) vcvETg5z
\"The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) VjwvpoYk
Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil QOF0Vzoa We must become energy independent through our vast resources.
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned VDMWOsuw  The best way to do it is by voting out @BarackObama
Congratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.
Made in America? @BarackObama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court.http://bit.ly/HNTQaT
The Government spends 30% more than it admits  AEq8jijt @BarackObama is out of control with his deficit spending.
\"You can take the smartest kid at Wharton, the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ, and if he doesn't (cont) hVsM4ja5
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
\"I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference XnqlTfHY  @BarackObama's diplomatic initiative?!?!
@JonHuntsman just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday DA3dhBYd  I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin.
69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week 06fs6g5y A major defeat for @BarackObama
Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont) 11JvyUIS
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking, but even worse they are bad for people's health 2G8YrOUZ (cont) NujHgnXU
\"More than anything else, I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
Via @BBCNews, \"Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland\" QsylYhtU
Via @Reuters_Biz, \"Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project\" 5QsSibS9
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Today I'm in Aberdeen, Scotland, preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course zttOgaAU
Recently opened @TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. VO8U2GPI
@MittRomney can get people back to work.
Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
My interview with @parademagazine from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square ZCwXd672
A bad manager such as @BarackObama will continually be plagued by scandals.  MPXceBLa  Leadership starts at the top.
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
#trumpvlog The song \"Donald Trump\" hits 54 million views. @MacMiller- Where's my money? vUjo8hVy
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
Don't be fooled. In 2008 @BarackObama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont) uQKNoHhv
In today's #trumpvlog @RepWeiner, the Secret Service, and Dick Clark..... IWowez4V
RECKLESS! @BarackObama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined. dh1X1npO
@MittRomney is right--this election is about jobs x8ph87ZN But it is interesting that @BarackObama (cont) t6RqfTAJ
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
@FLGovScott signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects 991E4KR5 Very impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job.
Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont) 21EMSLMS
@MittRomney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @BarackObama. I am confident he can defeat @BarackObama.
\"I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont) OxTK1ivm
My @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark. eSLb5tYc A true TV legend who will be missed.
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
By @BarackObama's design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation  \ncZc9SRS6 REPEAL!
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) qrQuVn1p
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Under @BarackObama, 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 41wJOjGu  Another catastrophe is brewing.
Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by @BarackObama's radical anti-gas policies zyMZkpM9 BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China.
Enjoyed watching @ericbolling $ @SarahPalinUSA's @FoxNews special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont) 6sU5Hcts
While @BarackObama watches, China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont) kN0XJq96
He @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnl
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
I have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new \"Success\" @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm, first (cont) owHrP5p3
My @foxandfriends interview discussing @BarackObama's reckless spending, the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice Bco0a2AD
#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul, Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week- 8IlJsBZ4
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be @Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont) 0L7pHwxb
I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
Just left the best golf course in the State of California- @trumpgolfla. When in the LA area, check it out even (cont) N8TW2fcW
\"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes, it takes away the (cont) item4eZN
@BarackObama who wants to raise all our taxes, only pays 20.5% on $790k salary. bqF26mQf Do as I say not as I do.
If @BarackObama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump? pLkKLhHK
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.http://bloom.bg/HuedL7 @BarackObama's gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
Now @BarackObama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat wxE0caDF  Wrong course of action.
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Many countries are cutting back, big time, on ugly, industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient & (cont) MI4v4rdT
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC pdeRzTC1
I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.
Excited to see that @AnnDRomney has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont) PpCgzJwr
He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
It's Thursday, how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?
I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont) Qkn0rHBY
\"Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending, we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont) frbu8e9G
\"We just have to get tough, get smart, and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont) Kc0LxwuU
\"Look, if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese, we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well.\"TimeToGetTough
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time PTXWJhHv If I hadn't gotten involved, it would still be unused.
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran yuMqsrT6  China loves these deals!
He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress \nm4JN2oIw
Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont) ws4PiIkK
Watch @IvankaTrump's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at @LordandTaylor featuring @TrumpModels and @MissUSA..... aZi33CCU
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
He @BarackObama wants 23 years of @MittRomney's tax returns yGZxF3L5 Let's see BHO's school (cont) r3zVN62W
He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense, they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont) ZtaDb6dh
Thomas Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont) LhK8EfIA
I will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont) IFm2Un3A
Vanity Fair Magazine, which used to be one of my favorites, is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont) fM1wKW1r
#CelebrityApprentice contestant @LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today- 9tbDgl9l
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont) IeYBAFKX
Vote for Mar-a-Lago- tsxyud1g
#MidasTouch is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus- njp4Wlr1
@MittRomney has created more jobs in the private sector than @BarackObama has as President. @MittRomney's record (cont) LMuTLitU
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also, (cont) KXbIpfPu
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
It's @BarackObama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont) bHDdxYF3
His @BarackObama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 2jMs1W3E @BarackObama's America!
\"The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master.\" (cont) xH9PhFwt
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.
\"The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success.\" (cont) utR9hrAW
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go. \npdeRzTC1
Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
My book with @theRealKiyosaki, Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb-\nty5zZXDL
While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an \"F\" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @Oprah
He @RickSantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @MittRomney in Pennsylvania Qdks2gDp Rick is wasting everyone's time.
\"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) EXZpW37N
\"Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont) SxHglAUV
This is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's USC comments, insurance premiums, @SarahPalinUSA on the (cont) Y38LAZUx
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing healthcare monopolies, @MittRomney, oil prices and @AnnRomney's birthday bl78QAMq
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) 4McLW9u5
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... 1DAVgSlQ
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) c7aLRcz7
@BarackObama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) xXt75Jls
Remember what I said about @BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) 0uQsm9t4
@RickSantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) n500m0Y8
He @BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) qWzfanv3
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
#CelebApprentice contestants @DeeSnider and @DebbieGibson joined me for interviews today- MKn9VgJe
\"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly, China will gain a whole (cont) ptk8Of5W
\"Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
Another solar company @BarackObama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy  kfII0sd3 One (cont) A4pgF5Xh
He @BarackObama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont) 86QkuVSl
Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont) mHBTrViy
He @BarackObama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont) c5TEPU5B
\"Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont) 4mJgHzbC
My #TrumpTuesday @SquawkCNBC interview discussing golf, VP choices, the real estate market & healthcare reform 28lg4Mgp
\"When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me, my general attitude, all my life, has (cont) RMI02tjB
\"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont) Lv0KOO6D
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel M8QP89gw We need to use our own energy resources.
\"The @BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud.\" #TimeToGetTough
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont) eyVzGd2h
America's competitors love @BarackObama. @MedvedevRussiaE says @BarackObama has been \"the best 3 years\" for Russia LM6y8wNI
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode SGmFv7Z6
Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club, Charlotte NC, formerly The (cont) zmF8WOaq
He @BarackObama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime QhlACcNK
@ObamaCare is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate ciROyImT
White House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why @BarackObama supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont) GvLfD5AY
I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose, CA) (cont) 1NhM5M48
Waste! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit, @BarackObama is sending $770M overseas \"to fight global warming\" op9x8BYl
@MittRomney studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices 34Wzc9Xo
It was great seeing @MissUniverse and @MissTeenUSA yesterday- SOUildaR
\"A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars, our laws, and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont) Y6tr3tRc
\"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
\"I like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway, you might as (cont) jJ1GqFAX
Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont) UTaZpHLV
A study says @Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont) jthy8mww
@GeorgeZimmerman doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight, does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont) 9QmHF9TW
Photo of @Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview... PZFbC1IF
Bad news for @BarackObama. @gallupnews reports that the economy (71%) and gas prices (65%) are Americans' top (cont) 1B04r3YR
@VP Biden is delusional. He is criticizing @MittRomney on jobs.http://apne.ws/H2gURT @BarackObama's economic record is an abject failure.
The Fed must be reined in. In 2011, the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable! VLYqayZc
In 2008 @BarackObama warned that \"electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket\" during his term. Mission Accomplished! oABly7R9
@marcorubio's endorsement of @MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat @BarackObama.
He @BarackObama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over @MittRomney (cont) v6WnQaSX
\"Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont) 5xHw5ujY
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down @BarackObama's $3.6T budget (cont) tOax00jj
\"Fans like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great, exciting things.\" #TheArtofTheDeal
My @gretawire interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument, gas prices & @IvankaTrump's new clothing line dVO3c3Yg
\"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont) KJCjosuR
\"What's incredible is that @Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage.\" (cont) wTbmKDaz
I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers QDSnRVAj Time to get out of there!
@RickSantorum is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be @MittRomney's VP. 6MNmYTSK\nHe (cont) QT3yelWF
When @BarackObama is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House RAB2Lahw  Always having a good time!
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) 4ThONZoj
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. RK1UoS8e  The left needs a dose of reality.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates, the deficit, @RepPaulRyan's timing, @TimTebow and the Doral  eLui9CBZ
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) WlJdcOUd
Behind the scenes photo of @Gretawire and I filming an interview- EUR1Yjjp Watch tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) 5cBGzYeM
@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - \"Future President\" or \"POTUS 45\" or \"@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare\"
\"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) 7Jzf2WqI
\"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) jKObsFMp
Not his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows @BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed DYrqEpZ2  @BarackObama lies.
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) yGXOsOQq
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
When confronted, @RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on @MittRomney PJ5tssfL
He @BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to @MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security I6mCEnUn
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @TimTebow and the timing of @RepPaulRyan's plan MsTNlWr6
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
\"If we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont) AmAIQzD8
\"With China beating us like a punching bag daily, OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean, and jobs nowhere in sight, (cont) hp7PCHOK
If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world, I highly recommend that you read \"The Art of (cont) 0NtWa21j
He @BarackObama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100% responsible for Solyndra. 895NgsYh
@RickSantorum is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer @BarackObama over @MittRomney. (cont) roHVFzoI
@BarackObama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont) JqOJdN7u
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont) pAhyD1tT
I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show.\n\ny6Qsh1uv
I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont) UfX9aQNb
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @TimTebow.@TimTebow is not only a winner but a leader. (cont) xb2coAKa
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
\"We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) 9xnHKcRC
\"The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) JOBrLYwL
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude RFZ6ovXS  They always play this game (cont) IpLxV7K0
Strange--why didn't @BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? BNTKmset
He @RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as @Rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) aeKdaYsP
He @MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) N6uDBymz
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. r03kTH7N
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont) sIFjKnPO
Ron DeSantis, Iraq vet, Navy hero, bronze star, Yale, Harvard Law, running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive. kkPDZv7r
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.
@MittRomney should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
Just bought Doral Hotel ; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.
I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
Why gas prices will cost @BarackObama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama YeGZtD8A
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression. @MittRomney can get us out of it. (cont) 15573kkU
My @foxandfriends interview where I discuss @Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV  V7aYNedp
My @Gretawire interview where I discuss why @BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices. DYM5WaYa
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
Rosie O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont) nDQoTVHP
Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode SGmFv7Z6
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog ziVczvIq  to find out about our new App SGmFv7Z6
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
\"We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators, but they are. Presidents are our (cont) KBnaazcq
\"If we keep on this path, if we reelect @BarackObama, the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont) K1GdQ7YZ
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month. SN24XHwW They don't want us, what (cont) lxQgnlm1
@BarackObama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @BarackObama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities.ylvQk7Em
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. CdRocVgU
@RickSantorum is clearly not a team player. If he was, knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont) 92hEjGWW
Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode!\npdeRzTC1
Once again, @RickSantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont) fFPMlgx6
He @BarackObama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner Zou6q9Q2 So corrupt!
Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE @RickSantorum! (cont) x41NI4ce
I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters, but (cont) eE5G0Eo8
\"The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont) UAAIAKdS
\"When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability, you (cont) UAxEYcf2
The @BarackObama administration now claims to have done \"everything\" to reduce gas prices idDXPZro  What about Keystone?
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what @BarackObama promised -- over $1.76 xqHyWoBU  -- and result (cont) CqmIPfrP
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates NHVgThr6 @BarackObama (cont) KZgAG42e
@MittRomney did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. @MittRomney will be the nominee.http://wapo.st/yjKOcr
\"Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) pLipL6ya
\"In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) SEfHN8YL
The day after @BarackObama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law, @JamesOkeefeIII exposes more dead people getting ballots hTCMSDP5
@MittRomney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat @BarackObama.
@BarackObama doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas 3tWQXAyS  He wants $6/gallon gas!
#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan, @RickSantorum, and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice... Kx83LkkS
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing today's primary contests, @MittRomney's lead and my stock picks tG1uI93f
My @gretawire interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers, gas prices and acquiring the Doral 8btSF7V5
Trump International Hotel ; Tower New York---winner of  the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012. uFuXCalK
NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont) AkySDCSD
He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this? @RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views Q0Cvjve3
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
China talks about the so-called \"carbon footprint\" and then, behind our leaders backs, they laugh. They could (cont) hJD3n70H
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont) RBaUvw0k
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Pathetic: @BarackObama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it.http://bit.ly/zXtRp3
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
The Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode!\ny6Qsh1uv
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
Coincidence? More than half of @BarackObama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. JJqEe6tM
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.
The @BarackObama recovery - US unemployment is 9.1%, US underemployment is 19.1% EGcnMnjZ   Businesses won't hire under Obama.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @MittRomney's Super Tuesday  and why @BarackObama must be defeated.http://bit.ly/AD17BE
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
\"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) FrP19xiK
\"That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont) 51iamOjX
\"America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) KO55opdD
He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - @BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) RVabzgJn
He @BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary 0k72wnb7
He @BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:  0TAVuA4E
As an \"honorary Buckeye\" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
My interview with @Jay_Severin on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate @MittRomney 6jhc3miP
My interview on @ASavageNation discussing why @MittRomney will defeat @BarackObama with a strong campaign. wEnVRccC
Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
\"The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) n6AbRrUY
\"While China screws us with every turn of its currency, is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face, (cont) l7pTVJkb
Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
He @BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont) ZEWFiklE
Strong leader: @IsraeliPM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont) j0KmQfbJ
He @BarackObama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party VN7SsY4t What about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
China is raising its defense budget by 11% ILol5FY1  @BarackObama wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
With respect to Iran, we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont) J4jrLifR
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing why @MittRomney is a great nominee, gas prices and why George Will is a loser. O1bZO2yO
\"Americans understand that the US has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.\" #TimeToGetTough 8H9D933Q Yy6GNcx3
A MUST READ! @AndrewBreitbart's last article--The Vetting, Part I: @BarackObama's Love Song to Alinsky 6H7Ckg3W
I fully support the @NYPD, @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
Once again, @BarackObama's speech at @AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @Israel (cont) WCMV1Xr4
Shock! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates Hjzp9noi  @BarackObama is bankrupting this country!
Dopey @GeorgeWill, the most overrated political pundit in the business, continues to downgrade the Republican (cont) c0EnzLzE
\"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) x53gALRh
\"The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft.\" (cont) zUpxyeFT
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% aZveAoW0  @BarackObama's economic recovery is all \"Hope\"
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
@BarackObama claims that his Koran apology \"calmed things down\" MyiouzLR  US troops were killed by (cont) XxyskTxk
@MittRomney is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' @BarackObama 41G77ICP  @MittRomney will rein in the Chinese.
\"Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) Zf2pEO80
\"Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel.\" (cont) ZRYOPR1Y
@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan uNxQYQWi We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't.  Time to get out.
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row qzQI1z9p  Don't worry - @BarackObama has a solution--ALGAE!
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! kkByT0Er
\"American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation, but the Chinese (cont) 850LjkgG
\"@BarackObama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont) y19ODDn1
@BarackObama's Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted. 6Ftd60Np @BarackObama owns the gas prices.
ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet @BarackObama is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont) SHQuYovw
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter? @BarackObama \nueHE0mog
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... SyijrXdo
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
My @SquawkCNBC interview from this morning discussing the price of oil, windfarms,Doral Hotel & Country Club and more...http://bit.ly/7WuvAN
New York Times Apologizes to Donald Trump\n\nA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont) eicaM0Mr
\"If @Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution, then maybe he should have (cont) paWCdwC5
\"The fact is, you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont) YJqCx21R
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow. ifHRqsfi Neither can we but that doesn't stop @BarackObama.
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
@SachaBaronCohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont) XAYYf7I3
\"For a country like China, being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont) Psjx5zeU
\"While @BarackObama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs,' blue collar workers aren't buying it.\" (cont) eqRqpRt4
This is good news: @MittRomney is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to @RasmussenPoll 5W62qQc9
Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the @WhiteHouse & @StateDept for issuing (cont) tmRdJ2Fo
As gas prices keep rising, @BarackObama won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes, algae - as an (cont) 26r8LdZm
In 2008, @BarackObama campaigned against $3.50 gas  HvSoHOTw      It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster!
My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of @MittRomney EsmlgZ8f
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force   RRlCeGGt
I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower..... 00FRAk2z
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
\"Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) jF3HZPyQ
\"We are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country, my pride in it, or (cont) DP4HoQiU
\"If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field, we could easily (cont) wN3COpsj
HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt...\ngDAUj0Kt
Irony! @BarackObama was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday. iVcDKauC
RT @OCChoppers: Bike we built for . The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! Ku6NIvZi
@MittRomney to @RickSantorum in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me \"Really Conservative\" PH2psPFB
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont) H1I7FDuz
In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
My interview with @Newsmax_Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5, $6 and why @RickSantorum can't win iuwrAOj3
My robocall on behalf of @MittRomney playing across the state of Michigan   8ozY6pYo
\"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) wCiAsVsc
\"We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong.\" #TimeToGetTough U0XIm6h0
Rev. Graham made a critical point. @BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) TQXAlYMH
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @RickReilly of @ESPN. He gets away with murder and most people (cont) AYrhD0pl
Now @BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) D9iV87Tq
@CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @IvankaTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr. I am very proud of this season.
@JLin7 is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. yMg6pWWC @JLin7
As the @BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) 3HOiXpFF
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
My interview with @PaulWTalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. Rc0e32VT
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont) BNqSgQm3
\"Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont) gQv6f7cP
\"Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont) mVj2KZBi
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while @BarackObama watches. wYSTMETc
If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November, the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.
As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows, America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont) lRBOih6s
Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip to\nAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont) 2SXcBxrJ
Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending. cpxqbkKr
Mark my words, a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont) lRNdzRRS
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.
Admitted:@BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont) IdrOg3R7
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
He @MittRomney wrote a great piece on China RodFLIiT @JonHuntsman criticized him  (cont) QQUXLqCk
My @todayshow discussing the @CelebApprentice discussing the cast 2q4WolQA
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBC
\"By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs, @BarackObama continues to weaken our (cont) 74M5jEDE
\"I've got news for President @BarackObama: America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont) DMXg2rEo
\"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) OhmFhNJb
Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
Bush was called \"unpatriotic\" by @BarackObama in '07 for adding $4T to debt  j02vneW0  @BarackObama increased it $6T in 3 years.
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Gallup poll proves that @BarackObama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring Yhs8s8UJ  SHOCK!
Yesterday China VP Xi stressed \"the benefits of trade with China\" to Congress DnjmzKZv  We need FAIR TRADE with China!
RT @accesshollywood: @realDonald Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough, Nasty & Smart.' Watch:\nl7K0D9Cx
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
He @MittRomney gets the China problem, why don't the others?
Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
@MemoInc  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
@dansalbreiter   Maybe they don't want to.
@stecbeck Thanks, I'll keep at it.
@jtatsuno No, not trademarked.
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: \"I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) e7Xvn2rq
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @BarackObama rejected in Keystone. pMzy2rB3   Unbelievable!
Scenes from last night's episode of @OCChoppers where @DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ KcPxmtrl
Wrong Policy: @BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. x6ssYloS
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
@joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out.
So @JLin7 had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) YFumzn95
RT: @thedailybeast: Polling shows the @AmericansElect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
@fox_trot_1  I was in my twenties.
@kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.
@atlthrasher  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
\"The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont) 4HaJETv0
\"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly, China will gain a whole (cont) k6a5CJha
\"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump.\" (cont) sOna1B4I
A clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @ApprenticeNBC Season 5 DOYyFWhm
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
\"America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont) VYfwTYYe
\"We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont) ZFmjsoCY
\"We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont) H7JrXUOe
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers....\nif3jCSFY #CelebApprentice
@BarackObama's budget funds the \"Arab Spring\" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
This is dangerous: @BarackObama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont) NI6HLFmH
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year BXhPl7ci The @BarackObama policy realized!
So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right. @BarackObama's budget is a \"nervous breakdown on paper.\"http://bit.ly/zyDytZ
A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
\"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings and investment. It's time to (cont) UPek65gM
\"Look, when it comes to China, America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive, gullible, foolish (cont) mZM4FL64
\"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.\" (cont) ubaVEGYn
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
This has to stop! @BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion. nsPDXFTs
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston, @SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speech,the economy and primary MXRi5D36
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.
@BarackObama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
“Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts, big brains, and (cont) aqekhSle
“As someone once put it, ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough
@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
“Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont) 83kLcFGp
@IvankaTrump’s @CNN interview with @piersmorgan discussing @ApprenticeNBC, the economy and politics tMvQdmEN
\"The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work.\" #TimeToGetTough (cont) YCk2rkDy
\"The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @BarackObama and his big spending allies in (cont) afROd8Id
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
@WyattBrian  Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
Q/A @thecelidebiasio  The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy, focus (cont) GYyYIiBl
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
Q/A @saychowder  I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.
Why should he? He's only the POTUS--and @BarackObama has \"no opinion\" on whether the Senate should pass a budget. \nmzZpltxC
Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series, \"Mister (cont) zv2NU36i
#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog... YFIg8Itq
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.  lDiOCgzS
My @CNN interview with @TVAshleigh discussing @MittRomney's electability and @RickSantorum's Senate loss.  hLPAPrkA
@cheatingdeam  My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont) GbAOxbOl
@bonniebell   Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont) jBUzBqFY
Who is the dumbest man on TV? @Lawrence of MSNBC... I2xJ2daT
@JLukeRobinson The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki, Midas Touch. (cont) 4vHyGBpR
@Misterglorious  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsman
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- mKhhOzmw
\"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) lT5MW2te
#trumpvlog My thoughts on @RickSantorum in today's video blog... M2oKfwWE
\"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) NzxThJyH
\"I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?\" (cont) WjpVcUCx
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
@npbraden  I already have two great pilots.
@fatmaninaspeedo  I have not met @MacMiller but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
Government dependency has surged over 23% since @BarackObama has taken office. 5jw1VwdK He is creating an entitlement culture.
@stass13  Sorry, she's taken.
@GrimeyGatsby  I only require four hours of sleep per night.
@BarackObama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. CLGMtf2M
@bats67 As a parent, education has a high priority, it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont) 3PNhfjhw
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
@Miss_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
@IanBQueen  In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) r8H7db6X
I see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
I endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
Another @BarackObama green car loan recipient is laying off staff. USdEyWqs  How many billions of our money has he wasted?
A record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during @BarackObama's \"recovery\" y2CYCdtI  Don't trust the job numbers.
\"It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated.\" #TimeToGetTough  (cont) mAGDpGq4
\"Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that @BarackObama can have his socialized medicine program (cont) lWiaWrhH
I believe @BarackObama is manipulating the jobless numbers 4EO1W6cK
Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 \"Melania Timepieces & (cont) c3bVwRXr
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl, the real unemployment numbers, Iran and @MittRomney's (cont) TjEIIj7M
As China is building an air and naval force, @BarackObama is cutting ours. fdsq6oc5   He is weakening our national security.
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
The economy is in terrible shape. @BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. nWoyi3ui
He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America. @BarackObama has done an (cont) HHsTz9FZ
Not the world, only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you. @lawrence You're too stupid to (cont) pd2zbixD
\"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump.\" (cont) AyZ18mvL
My @CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial SYbI4Jrj  which aired during the third quarter.
Congrats @MittRomney on a huge NV victory. Let’s make @BarackObama a one term president 2Xm9TRtk #OneTermFund
To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial, click the following link and “Like” the page. wT0Yhv5j
#SuperBowl Vote for me and @CENTURY21-- ZPV0q43j
You’re hired! The @CENTURY21 ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me & @CENTURY21: wT0Yhv5j
The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8% this next year. AsMhkOre  This is @BarackObama's economic recovery.
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing why I endorsed @MittRomney and why he will make a great President 2UQmNYQG
\"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers.\" (cont) JKrLfFs3
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and how I came to my decision  g2YxEs9L
My @CNNS interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @MittRomney and why he can beat @BarackObama 8GxxZkN6
I watched @BarackObama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont) aTCJYDvO
The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept.26, 2011: \"On MSNBC, meanwhile, Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100,000 viewers (cont) 2Ue2ueQ0
Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
I bet the dumbest political commentator on television, @Lawrence, will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont) 2SxSpAXk
Watch my endorsement of @MittRomney. AdV6ruj3
I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower, Las Vegas, (cont) 5ESjZpzh
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) meoQ0Uco
#trumpvlog @BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog.... Edj4uML3
He @BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. Pb0RVJyO   The Taliban out negotiates him!
His spending is reckless: @BarackObama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   P71gzhvm
Shocking--two of @BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra  hWwr1CR0  What a coincidence!
\"The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure, and they know they're not going to get (cont) sldeJ9ks
\"America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance.\" #TimeToGetTough (cont) jObffdOi
\"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before.\" #TimeToGetTough   Cp9wfF71  Yy6GNcx3
I was on @SquawkBox this morning  asuQPlKW
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) dZQAWrIv
My @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, @ApprenticeNBC and OPEC 4kU9UYYm
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) TxWsEd3M
Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Formerly of the New York Times, @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) n9hCp1Q3
Keystone: @johnboehner MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.  zW1zW2LC
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
The Muslim Brotherhood, @BarackObama's allies in Egypt, will cancel the Camp David Agreement. Vzswqker   What a disaster!
A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with @BarackObama: (cont) qidedc41
\"What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage.\" (cont) hrRCEeDk
\"It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare, of (cont) IEdIgBEc
My @gretawire interview discussing @BarackObama's economic failures, attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. i9FqjDUO
My @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement, @MittRomney's taxes and the Florida primary. fpz77v3M
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.
My appearance this morning on Good Morning America...\n7qrilC0x
Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today. (cont) Wjgn7hhJ
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election. QczymGts  Why did @BarackObama force Mubarak out? He was an ally.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.
\"The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont) 2ezHBDnn
Food stamps up 45%. Federal handouts up 45%. Is @BarackObama happy? HFw1bcye
Check out this photo shoot video of @IvankaTrump's Spring 2012 collection.... uWvNbjpq
Another electric car firm that @BarackObama gave $118M just went bankrupt. uAWmzFoG  He loves to waste our tax dollars.
For those who missed my chat with @hannityshow on radio, here it is on TV. Sean is terrific.http://bit.ly/w06T9F
He admits his presidency has been flawed...but @BarackObama claims economy is stronger. QKVSiumO
My interview with @seanhannity discussing this season's @ApprenticeNBC, #TimeToGetTough, the economy and GOP primary. D8jdVB0L
He makes a mistake \"every hour, every day\" admits @BarackObama. lcZldpnK  The problem is that we are paying for them.
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
\"I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world.\" #TimeToGetTough\nYy6GNcx3 GnlQDDdj
\"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, @BarackObama has been a total (cont) HD827UEk
“It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont) tHXcRowx
Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.
@BarackObama’s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ (cont) RCymV2v1
“Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power America’s (cont) RGWYMt3D
“We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough
@BarackObama’s SOTU claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100% false tp2sOxP8
@BarackObama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 C3rtWcoT I guess he only likes spending our money.
@BarackObama’s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 qaDYZgZD  He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
My @gretawire interview discussing @IvankaTrump wanting me to run for POTUS, @BarackObama’s SOTU and his China policy mt92sPxx
My @SquawkCNBC interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and @newtgingrich's electability k9G6LhAA
Check out this great story from the @WSJ... O7RxKFGb
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a great @WSJ article.... RRgM3Xxr
Last night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont) oenlVsr8
After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
\"For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) OKTen2ah
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney \"George\" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
\"All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford.\" (cont) EgEPxBvW
\"People are smart. They know you can't be \"for\" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work.\" (cont) mypPDikz
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. \nQW78vJja
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It has been 1,000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Tonight in his SOTU, @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
\"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors, it takes away the money that creates (cont) nghoarxU
\"Look, here's the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont) HvN8iKcu
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont) Nhxn3cVh
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.
\"To the @BarackObama administration, saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont) eorZoVnw
\"I have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont) 193US9wf
\"While Obama is obsessed with \"green collar jobs,\" blue collar workers aren't buying it.\" (cont) 8QvnXH54
My @Newsmax_Media interview from Friday where I predicted that @newtgingrich in South Carolina would change the race.http://bit.ly/xoFMs6
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
China has hacked another US government body. OGSjTB3z\nWhen will we learn?
Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra qDbMIJ4W  I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for @BarackObama.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
\"In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont) ktuG7LtP
\"We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy.\" #TimeToGetTough  (cont) K7vvbzEF
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!
\"\"Our country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own.\" #TimeToGetTough (cont) YRcqKNbG
Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont) AFAb8liv
\"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before.\" #TimeToGetTough  qBeBASH5  iiFIXAwB
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
My @FoxNews with @gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline, Re-election is more important than 20,000 jobs and (cont) gs2Yzmmn
“The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) xqRdhgPe
“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) 6hW0AcJE
Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
@BarackObama is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. 01D4xz1G
@BarackObama ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model. fa5eQMAu Another diplomatic coup!
“To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 3V7gP6Aw
@BarackObama won’t approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont) C777DdcO
There are 11 more Solyndras in the @BarackObama energy program pNoN041D  He loves to waste our (cont) D0GB6BJf
I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer dXRxZm8N
“Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. We’ve given them billions and billions of dollars, and what (cont) O5S4cQV3
“@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough
Rosie O'Donnell's show is \"dead\"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings. @Rosie is a stone cold (cont) Jm3YSf7h
#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat @BarackObama, not themselves..... 8cZb7pXX
Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed  g58AxsTQ
The Republicans should NOT give @BarackObama the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont) CysDG1by
While @BarackObama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
\"For too long we've been pushed around, used by other countries, and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont) Je0fNsku
\"The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation.\" (cont) zJo7h70o
\"I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely, even. #TimeToGetTough  (cont) S8XxN8Jj
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont) J0QeWXy3
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont) 5DgPm6Ig
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
51% of @JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with @BarackObama as president   uk18GlYr   So is @JonHuntsman!
\"A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont) Gy6SVjHK
\"President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) 4dCNnx00
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
\"The damage that Democrats, weak Repubicans, and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont) llf7qiPE
\"We need a president who knows how to get things done, who can keep America strong, safe, and free, and who can (cont) MNYzYmag
\"Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont) tbPUSXzm
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary MTRS1is2
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that @BarackObama has waived over 1,200 companies from the law  bDO8zbsn
Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner  q7YTPAqC\nbut not to vote?
Priorities: @BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont) sEgPkhmY
??? @BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont) waQFHBze
\"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster.\"  #TimeToGetTough
\"Instead of creating new jobs, Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come, since the truly (cont) BFMOkkBI
My @foxandfriends interview from this morning   pFs9f6hk
\"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs.\" #TimeToGetTough
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
AMAZING - @BarackObama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont) 0t0T3Wa0
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - \"Huntsman goes Donald Trump\"  bTLMPdWz
Now @BarackObama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. xZSqEBK9
\"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them, those countries should pay for the protection.\"  #TimeToGetTough
\"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't.\" #TimeToGetTough
President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions. 3ZzYo1VP
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! pdeRzTC1
\"If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont) 9feMKt7E
\"Beyond simple justice, and beyond reducing our national debt, another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont) tg0kBjzQ
\"Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock.\"  #TimeToGetTough
My @todayshow interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field TcxbBJQA
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) YW5q4n3X
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as \"Your Excellency.\"\nIfFqchF7  She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
\"Nobody cares\" about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning Xd69CFKu
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
\"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) 6x6RYJPG
\"I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"Under President @BarackObama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses.\" #TimeToGetTough
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Another @BarackObama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled hSqdnyo2
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create \"Make America Great\" Party on my behalf. OYguEeFD
He knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
A good friend: @SarahPalinUSA. More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont) Vxx9Pcvz
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
\"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system\" #TimeToGetTough
\"The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'\" #TimeToGet Tough
\"The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax, tax, tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work\"  #TimeToGetTough
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing the GOP primary, my 2012 options and why @BarackObama must lose 6NYA7JtZ
My @foxandfriends interview discussing the \"Make America Great Again\" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus HwnskYQT
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
I'm right, TPM is wrong - @BarackObama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont) FflwOekU
The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty. 3GS8TRgM
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book \"The America We Deserve\" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough.
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) A5DGJvhP
\"It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work.\" #TimeToGetTough
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) KhujI5YC
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
What a convenient mistake: @BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. DodG53Rx
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey 173fGaoU
@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork, @TrumpLasVegas, @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo
China is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont) SSvY2HNh
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont) v4rOQ4jk
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy, the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation. y2dRr57G
Even if @BarackObama stays in DC, taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling eKd7gzXI
“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough
“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough
“We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. He’s also (cont) CELNUe0O
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Less than a week after we leave Iraq, the country is already unraveling. We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont) xeI2wDHk
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire discussing how @BarackObama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. lLvVLX4E
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
Congratulations to @AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!   XjugMNK9
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? vP4bo45p
\"Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.\"  #TimeToGetTough
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
My interview with @ASavageNation discussing #TimeToGetTough, my 2012 plans and Iraq IgnuA6M8  Bq0GXn1j
For last minute shopping, my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...http://amzn.to/sNqlFH
The average family has spent $4,155 this year filling up the car on $3.50/gallon average. Both record highs. (cont) TdkHJRKA
Tom \"marbles in his mouth\" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now, he calls (cont) KB1FinI0
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
\"He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the (cont) D66nscyB
\"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks, too many of them don't.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?\"  #TimeToGetTough
A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough, easy to order on Amazon    V6RmNj7x
We're all proud of @erictrump for being on @Forbes 30 Under 30 list. KZQuLCMj
\"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone.\"\n#TimeToGetTough
\"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth, savings, and investment.\" #TimeToGetTough
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!  YDEIKzG6
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
My interview with Andy Dean on @americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the @FoxNews debate. 2B7fY0WI
I'll be on @americanowradio with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's @FoxNews debate.  owXU5vwh
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObama
The lightweight, @JonHuntsman, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
A total lightweight: @JonHuntsman continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont) YwKcaMf0
Great @Esquiremag piece - '@DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned' l8SK99ww
My interview with @BarbaraJWalters in her @ABC special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011' 9oo3YzMB
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont) Nc2SuTOf
\"I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!\" -RushLimbaugh
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
This is what @BarackObama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont) YbFa0LD6
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.
#trumpvlog China is laughing.... 9ghflFLP
Please send a psychiatrist to help @Rosie, she’s in a bad state. To @Rosie’s girlfriend’s parents--- get (cont) 1c9yApM4
More people attend a @JonHuntsman rally than watch @Lawrence on @MSNBCtv all week. @Lawrence is very lonely. (cont) F3PJhZnr
With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
\"Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period.\" #TimeToGetTough
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama \"asked\" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
\"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers.\" #TimeToGetTough
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
\"So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.\"#TimeToGetTough
Read this about @lawrence...... r7JWwoAY
My interview with @EWErickson of @RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options  SD6NqxZR
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 Kq7FKBnc
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate GWGw43UH
Check out my new book  \"Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again\" VEEHngHq
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... KCVRNBJa
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday.... vaJaeKjf
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the \"great debate\"..... PO61leR7
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has \"asked\" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Look, here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm
@Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
My interview on @theviewtv discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv  debate(starts at 23:00) ROcUyAXe
A clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how  Newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls yqIzaX1W
@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.
My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough, the GOP primary and the Newsmax-@iontv debate ZafIoWf2
My @FoxNews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-@iontv debate TotTpvNZ
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Santorum calls Trump debate skippers \"hypocrites\"  DNMo2oHe) @RickSantorum
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-@iontv debate: @RickSantorum. zJdfkZQ4
Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now... wTsxEUo9
Yesterday I explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @CNNSitRoom why @BarackObama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden PQwVDxVb
My interview on @WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough, meeting @NewtGingrich and the 2012 election AEZpT1Go
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing,  @TImeToGetTough, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book \"Time To Get Tough\"  from 11 am to 2 pm.
I'll be signing copies of my new book \"Time To Get Tough\" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be signing copies of my new book \"Time To Get Tough\" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
\"Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair, balanced , and informative.\" @ralphreed
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. @ralphreed
Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre \"workplace violence.\"
You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Jeffrey Lord, former Reagan adviser, has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article WIPh6ukw
Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.
A clip of my upcoming interview with @DavidBrody discussing #TimeToGetTough, @Israel and the Islamist winter  M3fKc3Bh
\"What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is, consider the diverse audience that perh… (cont) AkcMZp0I
My @CNN interview with @PiersTonight discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough, the GOP and the economy 3uOeEi7A
Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate, #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race ZcLi9LI5
My @MorningJoe interview with @JoeNBC & @morningmika discussing the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough   CvyrO9UU
I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow, Dec 9th, in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to … (cont) XpgNF4kV
My @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich, the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough  Qg0JvzpP
\"The Architect\" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
Whether we like it or not, oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o… (cont) Wfqr9Iy8
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden, they did… (cont) s6u5o8Co
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo… (cont) aHYaJt5b
President Reagan put it best: \"Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.\"
Call me old school, but I believe in the old warrior's credo that \"to the victor go the spoils.\" In other word… (cont) QJ58y3xc
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for \"W… (cont) tblJ9PWm
Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States, the most pr… (cont) JfWZw5ua
All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: @BarackObama bashes rich people an… (cont) P7IC1kTe
RT @Newsmax_Media: Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America  CnHhZArl  via @Newsmax_media
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about \"onshoring\"? We need to bring manufa… (cont) zvbB8EQA
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices \"pretty please\" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it… (cont) Iyjm0IGl
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetTough
Here's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetTough
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book @HowToGetTough in Trump Tower from 11 a.m… (cont) jSiAMkMa
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
If \"The Art of the Deal\" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough\" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow… (cont) seLDvy28
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog... 3YVFRB9m
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you  lost 49 states. Sad!
A special message to the staff of @TrumpWaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... sF780Xm3
When it comes to China, @BarackObama practices \"pretty please\" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it'… (cont) qTKkP44z
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to \"negative.\" Why? @BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. Uxyhhq6y
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockh… (cont) wIr68Cn4
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. DdW3Hsvn
Unbelievable how he gets away with it:  @BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod… (cont) eswQ5HwC
The habitual vacationer: @BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) nCNtI5pi
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl… (cont) VDESyCWJ
#trumpvlog @BarackObama is very inconsiderate... mnF00H17
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
My @foxandfriends interview from yesterday TYQKtEya
In order to get elected, @BarackObama will start a war with Iran.
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
The CBO has confirmed that @BarackObama's stimulus \"crowds out\" private investment while not creating any jobs.  nMSky9jb
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
My new book \"Time To Get Tough\" will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes… (cont) Ieii5tJt
I will be signing copies of my new book, Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again, in Trump Tower on Frida… (cont) DlVHBV7B
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Once Iran has nuclear weapons, they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300/Barrel. Iran'… (cont) IJwTmtkm
The failure of the \"Super Committee\" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to \"comfort care\" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now! DJ7OqXwx
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  A2DDoheG
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. \"Time is money\"---The Art of the Deal.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead, again.
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetTough
Yesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
My  new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon  aJla1EzL
My  @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @BarackObama failed to show any leadership on th… (cont) DAFBLTtI
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If @BarackObama wanted the \"Super Committee\" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 c5sI2qTe   #TimeToGetTough
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
Made in America? @BarackObama called his 'birthplace'  Hawaii  \"here in Asia.\"    dQka2PIr
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia.  Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
The stimulus \"is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years\" --as admitted by @BarackObama's own CBO otaKcGOV
@Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately @BarackObama is no friend of Israel.
The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion, 100% of our GDP. Yet the Super Committee can't find $1.2Trillion i… (cont) e9BkXiS3
Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy, how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of… (cont) BJW5fZyc
In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America \"soft\" and lazy.\" He loves to criticize America.
My new book,  Time To Get Tough,  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
Reporter should resign---- Gu8TBXTk
@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
The Supercommittee is a disaster. The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. They hat… (cont) P1HBYFh0
My interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012.... DkDrgVXB
@BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. Obamacare must be fully repealed. 4h5LjPLE
@BarackObama delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013. Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China. E5XMnUHQ
Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low. Is this @BarackObama’s ‘recovery’? laeI0SFA
@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America \"lazy\" this past weekend while in Hawaii.
@BarackObama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. If the… (cont) WEJd30pR
Watch What's America Worth?, hosted and narrated by me, this Sunday at 9PM on @Discovery ZZjPWqhP
@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObama’s economic recovery?
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
My interview with @IngrahamAngle discussing @THEHermanCain, @BarackObama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012. amW8rYRn
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog... LOFR5qVt
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
The Debate, @BarackObama's mic, and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog--- zQxOHZxJ
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancain
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @RickPerry
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… (cont) QX8AASwG
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book \"Time To Get Tough\".....watch the #trumpvlog--- uRim6jQw
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.
Reporter @AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy!
China 'scorns'  US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us  HwMz5NEa  and feels Obama is a \"dummy\"
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog.... Te2NAvLX
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
My interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @TheHermanCain \"Witch Hunt\" C0YnLOKl
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the \"Arab Spring\"?
Why is @BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? V1CrdfCb  This is dangerous for our soldiers.
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video that includes clip... tUae4cWq #thedailyshow
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites SeQio55u.   The Chinese government is not an American ally.
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
Is Jon Stewart a racist? See video--- ZbjW0Tny @thedailyshow
Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog...  FKLa4YPo
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
My interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing OWS  FbHSUdnt
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary   1Tz0Hevr
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN, full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
My @FoxNews interview last night with @Gretawire P9OPYzBf
In response to @Lawrence, my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt, great as… (cont) 2FON2L0U
Read this about @Lawrence.... 4gVjMygu
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
Why does the federal government send foreign aid  to China? Unbelievable! Washington is financing America's de… (cont) iyypweMt
Please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
I only go on shows that get ratings, that's why I do @oreillyfactor, @hannityshow, and @gretawire. Your sho… (cont) JDTtCnju
Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes. The Fed is destroyin… (cont) ndVdVB88
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a \"Green\" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog... T44XcgeY
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.
My thoughts on Gadhafi's death, @BarackObama, and the misery index... hgarmpIE #trumpvlog
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
@BarackObama claims that all his choices were \"the right ones.\" I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
\"Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities.\"  -- Midas Touch w/@atheRealKiyosaki
America needs to rebuild our infrastructure. Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads, bridge… (cont) OnB8qwHl
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... qTgjcZdX
My @FoxNews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing OWS and  @BarackObama's incompetent leadership.  SQjQauJU
Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
\"Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters.\" -- Midas Touch
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests  CEkR8i40.  It's time for the protesters to go home.
Watch @Seanhannity tonight on his show, Hannity, Fox News at 9 pm.  I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree… (cont) rS3I59qh
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
@BarackObama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
@Johnboehner: Stop \"The China Curse\" --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
My new book Midas Touch in stores now.... vrSOIP1i #trumpvlog
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM EST
More questions answered... jpI262lW #trumpvlog
Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... RCEvKfRo
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
Stop \"The China Curse\" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing \"The China Curse\" F2ezH1Jb
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. A-Rod misrepresented to th… (cont) SZbeilM7
@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
@BarackObama now says  that he is an \"underdog in 2012.\" America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
@BarackObama released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin… (cont) KGsSDRw5
Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
Great article in @torontodotcom - \"@DonaldJTrumpJr: the original apprentice\"  YBv3mdyU
I was on  CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
My book, Midas Touch, with Robert Kiyosaki (Rich Dad, Poor Dad) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea… (cont) TXL4xBfc
@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.
@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.
@AmandaKnox is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
@BarackObama said yesterday that we have \"gone soft.\" How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
How many  more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent.
@JonHuntsman called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.
@VPBiden is actually right for once:  Biden: \"Voters should blame Obama, not Bush, for economy.\" ZJJ3LQOQ
My interview yesterday with @MyFoxNY  k4QwrZzX
I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's. In business it'… (cont) BSu4BoHn
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately,  Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also @GovChristie  v1hCI12K
Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
@JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
The @erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by @BretMichaels was a great event. Enjoy the video.... JQjN0a6R
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
\"Sleepy\" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
Great interview in @postedtoronto of @DonaldJTrumpJr:  He makes me proud.  LzksVYyM
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
My interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  yvG4wLeZ
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off. Output is low and the price is too high.  They ar… (cont) S0WgM9OU
It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
A great interview of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto yoeJNaOT
My @CNN  interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @MittRomney   JB7tmQ0c
My @FoxNews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with @MittRomney  HscAUSLL
My @FoxNews interview from yesterday with @TeamCavuto discussing the economy, my trip to Australia, @MittRomne… (cont) JOr41vlt
ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. Small businesses will b… (cont) xCf3TMcV
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Our deficit spending is China’s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.
I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video... abZnV75i
Now is no time to cut military spending. We must remain strong. Our enemies are looking for weakness. I'm i… (cont) dYUAtftL
Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.
@EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
@BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Just finished speaking in Sydney, Australia, in front of 20,000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot… (cont) DujNk4d4
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
\"If you're going to think--think big\" --- The Art of the Deal
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
@BarackObama's method of spending the stimulus -- \"Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra\"  wSiSn5IP
I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It  seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box   VNbgG0iU\rMy in… (cont) YNX1msYh
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box .... VNloY1WK
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog.... OYB6833m
\"It  doesn't cost any money to think bigger.\"  -- The Art of the Deal
@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
@BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on @AttackWatch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs?   Donald.
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
My @FoxNews interview last night on @gretawire -- \"On 2012:  I'll Wait and See\"   1SVRlyli
Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China  gKUTyeM
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.
We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… (cont) VXFagTR
I'm very proud of my new crystal collection. Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford  http://bi… (cont) izegbYw
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i… (cont) K6n4qZq
How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
Friends in NY-9, let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel.  Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
My thoughts on @andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog.... gGdV1Iv
Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC... citxpt7
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.
@BarackObama---the stimulus will fail, just like the first.
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old \"tax and spend\" won't create jobs.
@IvankaTrump always makes me proud    WKnx85k
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.
If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
My interview yesterday with @IngrahamAngle  OIQrrKe
My interview with @gretawire last night on @FoxNews:  @BarackObama 'Missed His Opportunity'  WIFSYQD
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
US should have told Libya \"Rebels\" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.  4rsrFqG
@BarackObama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack @Israel. We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp… (cont) L0CkuK9
@BarackObama wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.
Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
@BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
My interview with @gretawire last night -- \"Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'\"  n1M1NQc
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
With gas prices rising and the economy failing,  @BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B  vcM5gmd
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book… X6stu9N #trumpvlog
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Iran admits to aiding the Libyan \"Rebels\" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn? pitnjx3
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog.... M865fK0
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
I'm very proud of the work my son @EricTrump has been doing with the @EricTrumpFDN, take a look... YuqnD55
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.
@BarackObama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
Just as I predicted, @Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an… (cont) M3TnJw5
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
@RonPaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
While @BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts, he is also granting companies waivers. Eve… (cont) dEH05PD
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
@BarackObama is sure a master delegator. He has sent @Joe_Biden to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
@BarackObama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China. 
You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the @JordanSekulow show here 9zRgbiE  @12PM EST.
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes  trillions.
Many people have been asking to see my plane, The Apprentice's @AmandaTMiller will give you a tour... 9STmZhU
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
@MacMiller will enjoy today's #trumpvlog... rmY8UDE
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
My interview with @gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      rOKGLIM
@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
My interview this morning on Good Morning America  with George Stephanopoulos  N7Urafm
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
China owes us money.... fuL8XAv #trumpvlog
A good example of how our country wastes money... iWRhaUy #trumpvlog
I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower.  Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.… (cont) jbQ6jXf
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog... mBcbhwM
@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future  http://bit.ly/rsBqmE
My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on @AmericaNowRadio vdRAh1n
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
Congress should get back to Washington, but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
@BarackObama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol… (cont) http://deck.ly/~7QsGg
http://goo.gl/AMNEE Countdown to @AmericaNowRadio as my former\r#Apprentice Andy and I talk about politics an… (cont) http://deck.ly/~9Q2fk
Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. This is not a go… (cont) http://deck.ly/~1UpEp
The S&P are losers. They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… (cont) http://deck.ly/~PgL6v
My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN  http://bit.ly/nXfqVo
My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- \"Nation Has Become \"All Talk, No Action' \"  http://bit.ly/mQo62O
He's hired! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launch\nhis radio show @AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM ET\nxpz0oQa
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s confidant Rostam Ghasemi, a commander of the Revolutionar… (cont) http://deck.ly/~unUiL
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... sRgJzRU
China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. Our leaders are hope… (cont) http://deck.ly/~x0TDx
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on @BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence?
My interview last night with Greta on Fox News    http://bit.ly/n7LOrz
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... OWQdHkF
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
Why I would not have approved the deal... Jgvl8fQ #trumpvlog
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
http://bit.ly/pwgGsQ \r\rhttp://bit.ly/pwgGsQ \r\r\r  My  interview yesterday on CNBC's Squawk Box:  Debt Deal a… (cont) http://deck.ly/~HZMKL
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog... iJ01Jh0
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- \"Watch the fine details in every deal\" -- The Art of the Deal
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
\"Never quit and always hit back\" -- The Art of the Comeback
I just got Mike Leach's new book,  Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee, a fine American http://bit.ly/pEBsgY
@BarackObama has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET
@Johnboehner  \"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.\"  --The Art of the Deal
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
My interview yesterday from Newsmax - \"Obama Is  'Now Totally Lost,'  Boehner Must Not Fold\"  http://bit.ly/n7Ahdk
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
\"Know when to walk away from the table.\"   The Art of the Deal
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- \"GOP Crazy If  They Don't Get Everything They  Want\"  http://bit.ly/nKsBBF
My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox... 225OYhf #trumpvlog
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
The pressure on the debt ceiling is on @BarackObama.... 9gFfiFM #trumpvlog
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Ronald Kessler's new book \"The Secrets of the FBI\" is a great book that should be read by everyone.
\"Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally.\" - US Senator @BarackObama, 2007
My interview on @gretawire last night  - \"Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'\" ZOGcrx3
\"The Gang of Six\" - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. T-E-A.
\"China is our enemy--they want to destroy us\" -- Redstate Interview
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
While @BarackObama seeks to further destroy  our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
@johnboehner  @EricCantor  \"You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.\" - The Art of the Deal
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
@BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now, don't let @barackobama push you around.... PHlzxON
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
@marcorubio is right. We need to create more taxpayers, not more taxes. CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.  8mkUcG8
@BarackObama You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-A Wr9C7Z7
Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA
What is better advice- \"The Art of the Deal\" or \"Rules for Radicals\"? I know which one @BarackObama prefers.
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
Take a look at  Fl8tKJY and  lV1el9G to see these beautiful hotels.
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
@BarackObama You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood, and even the Arab world does not like it HBlFBie
While @BarackObama tries to push gun control eT64Xhb --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner bb9GWDU
My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo GHXQIBU
@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- \"Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.\"
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... MUEE4AL
@macmiller \"Donald Trump the Song\" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
@johnboehner \"Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.\"  The Art of the Deal
@johnboehner Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama.... 6xKmJi8
Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog... LRmvyyW
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit  wRxqlxA  And @Obama transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
@Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?  pBnwzEa
@johnboehner Message for House GOP  \"The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.\" - The Art of the Deal.
If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
THe Art of the Deal--\"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have.\" CUT, CAP and BALANCE.
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington ... IsqXBu1
Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel. It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location. s2KLHQI
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
Please read PkVoNLv, and watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by @EricTrump wNWHQzB
Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ...      UaMWc6K
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
@GolfMagazine is having an online competition - vote… 3aD9gBW
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. Spectacular!  O6fGgOs
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella, Miss California---our new MIss USA!  2yUgSnJ
Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant, live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC. And you can vote for your favorite beauty! qzTa367
Watch me on the @hannityshow tonight at 9pm. More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog… PRQXzQT
New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf… iO4FcLw
Your most popular tweet answered, why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid... http://bit.ly/iF5pz6 #trumpvlog
My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog... http://bit.ly/j0Lv8V
Check out my speech from last Friday http://cs.pn/jf4OE1 as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends http://bit.ly/kJWdvX.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... http://bit.ly/jxjHgU and @FoxandFriends... http://bit.ly/iINif1
My thoughts on last night's meeting with @SarahPalinUSA in today's #trumpvlog... http://bit.ly/jec5p9
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
@TheRealMissUSA and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday, watch the video... http://bit.ly/jQkneQ #MissUSA #VEGASusa11
Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. You are both great! http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
My appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... http://bit.ly/lodlDT
Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it!  http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of @ApprenticeNBC.... http://bit.ly/jyfGP3 #celebrityapprenticefinale
Vote for the next Miss USA... http://bit.ly/lxobOm #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
NY Jets center, Nick Mangold, interns for Trump. Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf  tonight 9PM ET on Golf Channel\nhttp://bit.ly/fuRNsB
Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase!  http://bit.ly/sertahotel
A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... http://bit.ly/kMMwLa #trumpvlog
Watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... http://bit.ly/mpY4NR
@oreillyfactor is having a poll, cast your vote for me at http://bit.ly/cxWgkp
Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
New The Next Generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr- http://bit.ly/hJUJMg @ivankatrump- http://bit.ly/hXE6MF @erictrump- http://bit.ly/hJ0jNX
My appearances on @todayshow http://on.today.com/fXc3iE and @gma http://abcn.ws/elZtzZ
@danmcisaac Hopefully this answers your question... http://bit.ly/hko9UY #trumpvlog
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here... http://bit.ly/fMyIBI
Watch my latest video blog.... http://bit.ly/icubEG
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel.. http://bit.ly/gcQjPR
My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog... http://bit.ly/dXGQKC
My appearance on The View... http://bit.ly/fk3utP and http://bit.ly/f5rTko
Check out my most recent interview with CNN... http://bit.ly/gXe2uL
This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi... http://bit.ly/epuX9u
My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog.... http://bit.ly/frcfZY
I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives. I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork http://trumpnetwork.com/
Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice... http://bit.ly/hBTQXG
I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here http://bit.ly/fMNVbx
Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice, Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode  http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
Check out my interview on @GMA http://abcn.ws/ib1t1c
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto http://bit.ly/fRKfrz
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  \nHave you?
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video http://bit.ly/gv6TVh
Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on @ComedyCentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c  http://bit.ly/hN3jow
Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers....http://bit.ly/gi3q3E
Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.
Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.
Watch as I humiliate a dais full of \"talent.\"  #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central  http://bit.ly/fugbyy
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice http://bit.ly/hiolBJ as well as my latest video blog at http://bit.ly/gKJL8x
Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night, 9 pm on NBC. The fireworks continue....http://bit.ly/dWjzfS
I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia.  http://nyti.ms/e9u79i
More of your questions answered in today's video at http://bit.ly/f91yLo\nAlso here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto http://bit.ly/erRuo8
My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice http://bit.ly/eWM4T2 also an observation I made recently http://bit.ly/hQJERE
Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast, March 15th at 10:30 pm, for the Roast of Trump   http://bit.ly/hRIACH
Watch You've Got Donald Trump at http://aol.it/fSOueW
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!
I answered some of your questions in today's video... http://bit.ly/exviyc
Check out today's video blog http://bit.ly/g75Jiu \nI want to answer more of your questions, tweet me.....
ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns. Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST http://www.nbc.com/the-apprentice/
Coming up in March: The \"Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump.\" March 15, mark your calendars.  http://bit.ly/hYnA0E
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at http://bit.ly/hnzt5J
Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at http://bit.ly/eXbfOw I'm willing to answer your questions, tweet me....
Check out my interview from MSNBC at http://on.msnbc.com/gAGniA
Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at http://bit.ly/f0kmi2 and read this article http://nydn.us/fpKQSY
I was speaking with Don Imus this morning.... http://bit.ly/htvRfq
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at http://bit.ly/hGKbS7 and http://bit.ly/ff8tRT
Check out ShouldTrumpRun....http://shouldtrumprun.com/
FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington, DC http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V96ftZPpIcw
I was on CNN yesterday.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBp8N8706qA
Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday ...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR1b8yKxcAo
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Be sure to watch Oprah today (4 pm on Channel 7), I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour..http://bit.ly/f7wNY8
Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET http://bit.ly/gcQjPR
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her \"Melania Timepieces & Jewelry\" collection...
...when they have no environmental restrictions! America' s workers need us.\" http://shouldtrumprun.com/
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto, Wolf Blitzer, Fox & Friends, and Larry Kudlow....check out  http://shouldtrumprun.com/
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.  He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
...Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk. http://tlworldsbest.roiresearch.com/.
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's \"World's Best Awards 2011\" .....
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
\"CNBC Titans: Donald Trump \" will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am, Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and  11/24 at 7 pm   http://bit.ly/ckojPN
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. http://bit.ly/96ztOA  Good info to know about.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
An HR solutions company polled 1,000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses...   http://bit.ly/9uP9vj
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well.  http://bit.ly/bUWWNb
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly ...http://bit.ly/bMNF72
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice   http://bit.ly/ax8nah
Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice.   http://bit.ly/bnAuAv
Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for \"Melania Timepieces & Jewelry\"  tonight, live from 9-10 pm on QVC http://bit.ly/aDdvKj
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.  http://bit.ly/c1y3c3
I am very happy to have the civilian version of \"The Apprentice\" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice. Next Thursday, September 16th, at 9  pm on NBC.    http://bit.ly/bMB4CH
There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation ...  http://bit.ly/9rJ0sn
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular! http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_New_york/Trump_New_York.asp
Check out Serta's Counting Sheep (and me) at the Trump International Hotel New York http://bit.ly/SertaRm9
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Eric's Sept. 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester. http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Westchester/Westchester.asp
Mark your calenders for August 23rd:  http://www.missuniverse.com/
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
Enter the contest....http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress...and stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
and stay at  the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas ...http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_Las_Vegas/Trump_Las_Vegas.asp
I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work. Enter the contest http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress and win a trip to Las Vegas..
Could this be my newest apprentice? http://www.youtube.com/user/MattressSerta ...Enter the contest .. .http://www.facebook.com/sertamattress
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
and yet another ...all of them are spectacular.  http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Westchester/Westchester.asp
and here's another....http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Colts_Neck/Colts_Neck.asp
Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one...http://www.trump.com/Golf_Clubs/Hudson_Valley/Hudson_Valley.asp
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland. It will be spectacular! http://bit.ly/blp1Tq
\"Trading Shots with Donald Trump\"--a great article in the Wall Street Journal\nhttp://bit.ly/c9eZbq
The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1,000,000 towards St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  http://twitter.com/EricTrumpFdn
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
For more information on tonight's two hour telethon, 8 to 10 p.m.:  http://twitter.com/kingsthings
Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon  http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/
The Ultimate Merger:  http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/tv/2010/06/17/2010-06-17_omarosa_is_back_and_this_time_its_personal.html
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for \"The Ultimate Merger\" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... http://www.trump.com/Hotel_Collection/Trump_SoHo/Trump_SoHo.asp
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
WSJ covers Ride of Fame http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704575304575297082506166258.html?mod=WSJ_NY_RealEstate_MIDDLE_LSMini
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... \n http://www.missuniverse.com/missusa
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... http://www.newyorksightseeing.com/
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN, 9 p.m. I'll be the host, Larry the guest. http://larrykinglive.blogs.cnn.com/
Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic. Should be a great season. http://www.trumpnationalwestchester.com/
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage. Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way.   http://bit.ly/ckmKKU
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
Who's your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page! http://ow.ly/1NfMt
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
\"Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go\" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm  very proud to support
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
The premiere of \"Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf\" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.\nET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...\nhttp://www.trump.com/
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group,  I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: http://tinyurl.com/yly2c8u
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach http://bit.ly/2fNgOz
From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.”
Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message: http://bit.ly/cv1En7
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’. Submit questions: http://bit.ly/bPiP7T
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA, CA - Mark Wahlberg vs. Kevin Dillon http://bit.ly/4MubN6
from Donald Trump: \"I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!\"
Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2.99 but the advice is priceless! http://bit.ly/UGUF0
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!
Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat http://bit.ly/sqvQq
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled, Omarosa's Ultimate Merger: http://tinyurl.com/yk5m3lc
--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland.
--From Donald Trump: \"Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father.\"
Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending, banks, & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto: http://tinyurl.com/yhnzd7p
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo
- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book, The Trump Card: http://tinyurl.com/ycsqmda
\"A lot of people have imagination, but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl
- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and \"Double Trump\" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: http://tinyurl.com/6asujj
- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check it out: http://www.nabiscoworld.com/oreo/dsrl/home.aspx
Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm (EST) on NBC: http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9
Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday, 8/23 @ 9pm (ET) on NBC: http://tinyurl.com/mrzad9
-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman: http://tinyurl.com/klts6b
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!
\"Think. That’s the first step. Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/n5468r
Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/knyswt
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book/keychain contest! http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb
\"Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: http://tinyurl.com/mmjked
RE: Michael Jackson: \"He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. It’s a devastating loss!\" -Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: http://tinyurl.com/nxvquo
“Expand your life every day.” –Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! http://tinyurl.com/kn95ju
RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - \"David Beckham was one of the first, along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump.\" http://tinyurl.com/ln4lol
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Send him your B'day wishes here: http://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump
Last week to enter the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/
“If you don't have problems, you're pretending or you don't run your own business.” –Donald J. Trump  http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:\nhttp://bit.ly/DdD2A
\"You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward.\" --Donald J. Trump http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: http://bit.ly/11FHpR
\"Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook? http://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump - Become a fan today!
Don't forget to enter the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest
\"Keep it fast, short and direct - whatever it is.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: http://tinyurl.com/qsx4o6
\"Always know you could be on the precipice of something great.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
\"...these days...we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking.\" –BarnesandNoble.com http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
\"We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
\"Don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
\"When the achiever achieves, it's not a plateau, it’s a beginning.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Enter the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book and keychain contest:\nhttp://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/
\"Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion: http://tinyurl.com/qs24vl
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - \"I've always been a believer in second chances.\" says Donald Trump
\"My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them\" --Donald J. Trump
New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way: http://tinyurl.com/qlux5e
Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: http://tinyurl.com/ooafwn - Very funny!
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
