Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
RT @realDonaldTrump: What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 c…
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and President @EmmanuelMacron of France meeting earlier today at #NATOSummit2018 in Brussels, Bel…
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump meets with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, along with their respective delegations at #NATOS…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our fa…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have don…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is g…
RT @Scavino45: President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump participate in the Tri-Mission Embassy Meet and Greet Wednesday, July…
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp; they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
https://t.co/ue5JEZy85v
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men &amp; women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - &amp; we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! https://t.co/FQ1D7oEta2
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! https://t.co/pakUigKB61
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 https://t.co/yd37K4Ei8R
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen https://t.co/uP95m0sIRP
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS https://t.co/8aWJ6fWemA
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... https://t.co/OQp3NcOeE4
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp; SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! https://t.co/3oGoqWhhtA
A great First Lady! https://t.co/Pt35aluI4C
RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/9ubTCAyZkq
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! https://t.co/PFvXrsvgkA
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! https://t.co/xsbuPzXbHj
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias https://t.co/c0XOk1btEQ
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
https://t.co/yfwdyUHmn3
More records! #MAGA https://t.co/2CP5eq40Fy
RT @PastorDScott: Once the mid terms are over, liberals won’t talk about detained or separated illegal immigrant children until 2020. #itsa…
RT @GlobalGolfPost: The golf world has lost a legend in five-time Open Championship winner Peter Thomson. \n\nREAD: https://t.co/TfMHo2GeDG h…
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
RT @EricTrump: It is hard to believe that the historic North Korea / Kim Jong Un summit was exactly one week ago. Truly amazing to see the…
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! https://t.co/scvACfJwts
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇪🇸 https://t.co/cCubCyiRm5
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp; nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits &amp; talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! https://t.co/yF3iwD23YQ
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp; engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp; prosperity for his citizens! https://t.co/Xbup4Zyz33
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!\nTickets➜https://t.co/mhhJB9erdd https://t.co/T6eXenoSxT
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported, state managed, and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. https://t.co/xpm7IRiZwn
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! https://t.co/VV3GdDISbD https://t.co/4OsUDWIzwo
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell... https://t.co/zV8pqoVG9h
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
RT @parscale: Since the #FakeNews is full of distortions, underreporting, and lies, we launched a platform tonight presenting a comprehensi…
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/37hQxUvemf
RT @robbystarbuck: Fox News has been #1 for 197 months straight. In the latest ratings disaster for CNN they lost another 25% of their view…
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp; corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp; Crime, loves our Military &amp; our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. https://t.co/uOy4UJ41JF
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! https://t.co/mtPiHsBc1H https://t.co/hFtpyJlV4h
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... https://t.co/FIUwhpUpoL
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. https://t.co/VD8CN5YfIo
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work! https://t.co/SMaZ8Hfas4
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... https://t.co/VkMCIzwt8v
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... https://t.co/Gs0CGJYqXU
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala https://t.co/mPKwukX08o
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! https://t.co/EfF54tmetT
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/3EkHChjnYA
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp; Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp; all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations @SecPompeo! https://t.co/ECrMGkXMQF
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
MAGA! https://t.co/jFf5ONASlv
Thank you Kanye, very cool! https://t.co/vRIC87M21X
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. https://t.co/YqU7pHiFoU
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! https://t.co/9Is7mHBFda
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp; Safety NOW!
RT @AbeShinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。\n「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」\nトランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…
RT @IvankaTrump: This year’s #TaxDay is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated, broken system. #BYE-BYE https://t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, i…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! https://t.co/QxMpCGRycF
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4OW72iddQx
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4NzyjxqAFM
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” https://t.co/LQlACDDLug
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump at Signing of #FOSTA #SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: https://t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl https://t.co/XvScPqvAkQ
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp; Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” https://t.co/q80PaE0gQo
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: https://t.co/XXtPO0VX5A https://t.co/SH0esMSyMT
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! https://t.co/pmCNoxxlkH
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! https://t.co/4kPofEii3i
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CUutL5SZxQ
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA https://t.co/9pHH60DVlX
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! https://t.co/vKXBd0CGH1
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/oCt1nH3DON
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp; leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
Great couple, great book! https://t.co/cLDI79rin8
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: https://t.co/tbl94sCM01 https://t.co/TmUMusoR9x
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. \n\nWe say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. https://t.co/EM4lZUZpX9
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... https://t.co/z1vvAemlBP
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. https://t.co/5aMh8nFPJW
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp; spectrum of issues.”
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you! https://t.co/FyQdgKvsRO
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. https://t.co/e1697tcyaI
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes https://t.co/em0wBbvy5P
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true, thank you! https://t.co/9TTXlfokYz
Bad ratings @CNN &amp; @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure. https://t.co/8ByoQJsjTT https://t.co/BVBRDvHfcC
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: https://t.co/Sw1iGIJgWV https://t.co/Nx0AEKZy5p
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! https://t.co/giN2B1h6Ph
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! https://t.co/aboM2Up48y
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best! https://t.co/eZfLSpyJPK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! https://t.co/JtEglBhm4c
Join me live for the #SOTU\nhttps://t.co/0SLktWxfHi
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! https://t.co/dmYECTnk0a https://t.co/RSv7V7r0DT
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. https://t.co/kDcGbMieSt
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! https://t.co/hz2q9UTfnF
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! https://t.co/OwXVUyLOb1
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal https://t.co/qNQqDLRmCk
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy! https://t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! https://t.co/4CFzQXb5aS
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: https://t.co/qWR1BhfQZI https://t.co/PJvwznjRCO
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ptXa1hAPwW https://t.co/yv6RALkQf3
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp; yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!\n#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay\nPresident @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/HXCpTlruVo
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/QaxtqpyXTR
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp; Rescue #2. Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us. Firefighters, paramedics, first responders - what amazing people they are!
“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria. As of 12/21, the U.S. military estimates the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles...” via @jamiejmcintyre https://t.co/0lXKMUoPE9
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/HY353gXV0R
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!\n#TaxCutsandJobsAct https://t.co/lLgATrCh5o
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/47k9i4p3J2
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT &amp; Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends, the defeated Dems, and only demean. This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves, starting very soon. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M.
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success.
If last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate.
Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily), is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election.  I was right! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem... https://t.co/YwgWmT0O8m
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via #Periscope\nhttps://t.co/wLXKoISSTG
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires. I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work! https://t.co/g9y9PkB352
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in San Diego. Next phase underway: testing and ev…
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST. It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS, to protect OUR COMMUNITIES, and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY! https://t.co/wW3QNxcCHf https://t.co/sRL2yRK6k2
This week, the Senate can join the House &amp; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America. Together, we will give the American people a big, beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY! https://t.co/9jddEW2Oo5
Departing @JBA_NAFW for St. Charles, Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line.\n\nA successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people!\nhttps://t.co/jR1DEUnm2h https://t.co/XF9sRwdV8u
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects, CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9% in Q3.\n\nStock market at a new high, unemployment at a low. We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear! https://t.co/HrKIF72VqE
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea. Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today. This situation will be handled!
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
So now tha Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in Florida years ago? Investigate!
Wow, Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace.” But when will the top executives at NBC &amp; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News. Check out Andy Lack’s past!
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market. Consumer Confidence is at Record High. I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great, and we should boycott Fake News CNN. Dealing with them is a total waste of time! https://t.co/8zJ3j7g5el
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death! https://t.co/XxtlxNNSiP
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim Destroys a Statue of Virgin Mary! https://t.co/qhkrfQrtjV
RT @JaydaBF: VIDEO: Muslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches! https://t.co/11LgbfFJDq
.@foxandfriends, we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! https://t.co/VB0Ao3s18d
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Q7AiR0buM2
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party. But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka! https://t.co/AQL4JLvnDh
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB. A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough, the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General, said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails. “Emails endangered National Security.” Why aren’t our deep State authorities looking at this? Rigged &amp; corrupt? @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. May God be with them and the people of Argentina!
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA). Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
RT @FLOTUS: Preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/N5qZ1NP8ez
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. We are monitoring the situation. Prayers for all involved. https://t.co/1AxmegKqvu
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago). Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong.
RT @IngrahamAngle: “Far right”? You mean “right so far,” as in @realDonaldTrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
RT @Realjmannarino: @realDonaldTrump The ungratefulness is something I’ve never seen before. If you get someone’s son out of prison, he sho…
Another Crooked Hillary Fan! https://t.co/1LidydhORD
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season. That’s almost as bad as kneeling! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart? This issue is killing your league!.....
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It’s a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool!
It wasn’t the White House, it wasn’t the State Department, it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man’s version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think..
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective!
...They should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing. The U.S. is being respected again. Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping, President of China.....
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you! https://t.co/EQMwv1XbiM
Thank you, working hard! https://t.co/TmNdNPBJ3m
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN, which I have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and FAKE, it is. Loser!
.@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia, and the friendships &amp; benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia. You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
RT @Scavino45: 20,295 miles later #POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump lands on the South Lawn of @WhiteHouse…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Unemployment is down to 4.1%, lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office. Highest stock Mark…
RT @PChowka: Sean Hannity's Big Week - Top Ratings, Probing Reporting, and Let There Be Light at American Thinker https://t.co/b0RxpZd3Lb h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand.\n\nRemember #PearlHarbor. Remember the @USSArizona!\n\nA day…
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days. Great to be home!
May God be with the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI and Law Enforcement has arrived.
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral College landslide victory! https://t.co/7ifv5gT7Ur
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow. THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China! @FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it! https://t.co/sQoUWIGAiQ
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. https://t.co/4llqLrNpK3
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I, THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing, President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan. We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! https://t.co/ma0F7SHbVU
Leaving South Korea now heading to China. Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together, we dream of a Korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again! https://t.co/9tsZRCC83j
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. https://t.co/zyuYc0fIH6
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreement, &amp; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies. It's broken all of those commitments... https://t.co/xJ4jUpA8d8
The U.S., under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world, being built right now. I want peace through strength! https://t.co/2YXkIvRIFi
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷\n#NationalAssembly #POTUSinAsia \n➡️https://t.co/M3iEhPdkas https://t.co/hSxdtd2UnY
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for. Don’t forget, Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats, and with the economy doing record numbers, we will continue to win, even bigger than before!
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea, then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory.
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly evil. NOT ACCEPTABLE! https://t.co/PQGeTTdRtX
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP ...and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD, First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally! https://t.co/imPIdOzjAn
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack. #NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC. All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. https://t.co/WZFHXoJE3K
....for the Middle Class. The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along. Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts.....
#NYCStrong #USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/6K3Xw5P87d
\"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems\" said Col.Tony Shaffer. We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration, no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the \"Diversity Visa Lottery Program,\" a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program. Being politically correct is fine, but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve. These will be biggest ever!
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy! https://t.co/9V9z015kVl
Texas @GovAbbott &amp; Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick,\n\nThank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX. Keep up the great work! https://t.co/rBel6IWrJl
The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! https://t.co/uFMonzza7N
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. Also discussed NoKo &amp; trade, two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs. Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness. #Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus, a really good and talented man. We’re proud of you Reince! https://t.co/7AsjAMrSnV
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CbEwJSQ1A3
Jeff Flake, with an 18% approval rating in Arizona, said \"a lot of my colleagues have spoken out.\" Really, they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history. Great support from so many sides. Big winners will be the middle class, business &amp; JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday, outside of Flake and Corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected. Now act so hurt &amp; wounded!
\"Clinton campaign &amp; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier. The victim here is the President.\" @FoxNews
.@DanaPerino &amp; @BradThor,\nThank you so much for the wonderful compliment. Working hard! #MAGA https://t.co/AKWlsMsCVH
\"20,000📈21,000📈22,000📈 23,000📈this year...FOUR one thousand milestones this year...\" \n#Dow23K #MAGA https://t.co/GQ5f2eVvEI
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! #USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/kyv866prdE
.@NFL: Too much talk, not enough action. Stand for the National Anthem.
\"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other limits..\"\nAmb. @NikkiHaley https://t.co/xvHgx7d1cT
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse today. #TaxReform https://t.co/ge4Xic9fId
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California. God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA team. We support you! https://t.co/YaoPbaVI5L
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp; harmful to job-creators. Americans need #TaxReform! More: https://t.co/qXyiYiFWCO https://t.co/NGIjJOc3TP
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp; also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care.
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof). Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases. Hopefully, all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history.
...people not interviewed, including Clinton herself. Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt. FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD. 🎥https://t.co/rmAzGt8SuG https://t.co/SrPavwrt2R
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &amp; renew the AMERICAN DREAM! https://t.co/HI30nojsGo
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! https://t.co/RCfiJus5Rw
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp; that encourages companies to STAY in America, GROW in America, and HIRE in America🇺🇸 https://t.co/u9ZgijgLE3
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE. Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! \n#TaxReform #USA🇺🇸\nhttps://t.co/fDUEMpRTcE https://t.co/1mMjl1HNpl
RT @realDonaldTrump: Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to l…
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy.
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a \"tenfold\" increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal. Pure fiction, made up to demean. NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp; soft, crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp; the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
...if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th, a 25% increase. Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
...fired. This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and, more importantly, for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know, General John Kelly, by saying he will soon be.....
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! https://t.co/nxRWeR1gEz
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania. Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers.
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is #FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN. They are a disgrace to good reporting. No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow, so many Fake News stories today. No matter what I do or say, they will not write or speak truth. The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday. While some of the news coverage is Fake, most showed great warmth and friendship.
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp; his team. Great progress being made! #PRStrong🇵🇷 https://t.co/1aL9YrwTvC
RT @PressSec: .@POTUS and @FLOTUS meet w/ some of America's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR. https://t.co/sR3Jd6rvNK
RT @seanhannity: Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today. We will name names. 9 est Hannity Fox…
RT @IvankaTrump: 3/4: This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve &amp; their families who make it possible through their love a…
RT @billoreilly: FNC dominated ratings last night. MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network. https://t.co/rryWmyXe7C toni…
RT @Jenniffer2012: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico. We’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
It is a \"miracle\" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME. We will ALL succeed &amp; grow TOGETHER – as one team, one people, &amp; one American family. #TaxReform https://t.co/rtLWANJjIQ
Just arrived in Indianapolis, Indiana to make an announcement on #TaxReform! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Dy9UwhkWHL
..But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence,Fake News, @nytimes(apologized) &amp; @WaPo were anti-Trump. Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday, after which we need 60. Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp; very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out), we have the HCare Vote, but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Dec!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama. Luther Strange started way back &amp; ran a good race. Roy, WIN in Nov!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed RESPECT for our National Anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 https://t.co/zkenuAP9RS
70 years ago today, the National Security Council met for the first time. Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp; now! Thanks NSC Staff!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal &amp; Replace.
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like \"Big\" Luther Strange. Smart, tough on crime, borders &amp; trade, loves Vets &amp; Military. Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans, I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year. https://t.co/m4VWxYvONx https://t.co/iYG1G8GaLN
RT @VP: Went to the Senate today to say @POTUS &amp; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare. Let's get this done. http…
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon. Great discussions on the challenges &amp; opportunities facing our nations today. https://t.co/AbnBJtKCAI
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp; his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace. https://t.co/4E8awDkX93
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning. We had a GREAT bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴 https://t.co/6tYDHswKa3
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama. I am supporting \"Big\" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp; helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp; Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
RT @Franklin_Graham: Join me in praying for @POTUS. He reminded the world, “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil…
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
RT @RealEagleBites: @realDonaldTrump It is the height of hypocrisy. Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
The world is noticing, thanks! https://t.co/2NL6SlWnmH
RT @DonnaWR8: @realDonaldTrump Thank you @POTUS for believing in Us like we believed in you! #MAGA https://t.co/C476SHWd0m
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also), Crooked Hillary now criticizes.
Big meetings today at the United Nations. So many interesting leaders. America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: \"The Iran deal was one of the worst &amp; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into.\"\n@POTUS @realDona…
RT @Scavino45: #WeThePeople🇺🇸\n#USAatUNGA #UNGA https://t.co/8VsFL9MZxx
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting. #USA…
Thank you Jacob! https://t.co/Wjjrv6KTVT
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever. Smartest people of them all are the \"DEPLORABLES.\"
So nice, thank you! https://t.co/Cg4dzHhbrv
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane. Be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN...\n🎥https://t.co/tx5SnACAaS
With Irma and Harvey devastation, Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before. Go Congress, go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard, FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp; others.
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. Move fast Congress!
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp; women @ the Andeavor Refinery. \nFull remarks: 🎥https://t.co/uxBpyeERUm https://t.co/fV9R9gJxDS
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida, Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands &amp; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico. WE ARE W/ YOU ALL! https://t.co/k92cslgKFa
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'\n\n➡️https://t.co/xSHSyNkvuP\n➡️https://t.co/UbBSFOhMM7\n➡️https://t.co/xWOfp9Z9iR https://t.co/qoJOM54Gy8
RT @VP: .@POTUS is committed to the health &amp; well-being of the US people &amp; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely. My team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in Texas, is already in Florida. No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change.
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
Texas &amp; Louisiana: We are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, &amp; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER, to restore, recover, &amp; REBUILD! https://t.co/YQb82K2VSB
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years. Talking is not the answer!
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp; Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin.\n🎥https://t.co/fr2sf9oRvd https://t.co/bICsRm1tQx
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #ALConv2017 https://t.co/tsIAgHbFM7
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp; go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly. People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. I love the Great State of Arizona. Not a fan of Jeff Flake, weak on crime &amp; border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/RzePiucV3h
#DrainTheSwamp #PhoenixRally https://t.co/o7S6xoCBiC
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! https://t.co/Mau0B1qYIP
Thank you Arizona. Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at: https://t.co/s0D12EFs40 https://t.co/WT4D9Vsen1
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma, Arizona &amp; around the United States! https://t.co/tjFx8XjhDz
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017, joined by @DeptVetAffairs @SecShulkin. https://t.co/oMUIZ8X7oB
Just landed in Bedminster, New Jersey. #MAGA 🎥https://t.co/6EQfmRzrnv
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market, Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp; Strategy &amp; Policy Forum, I am ending both. Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer, a truly special young woman. She will be long remembered by all!
Wow, Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. Now in September runoff. Strong on Wall &amp; Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
RT @FoxNews: .@POTUS: \"Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world. We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! https://t.co/QEjLzzGjDk
Congratulations John! https://t.co/vhmv7Qoutk
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly, unambiguously &amp; repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp; violence in Ch…
RT @CLewandowski_: Please watch @foxandfriends today at 7:30 AM to watch me discuss @realDonaldTrump.
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama. Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. Towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
#GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Fkq2gJQOKk
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had \"excessive expectations,\" but I don't think so. After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp; Replace, why not done?
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with \"fire &amp; fury\" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured\n\nhttps://t.co/bm7gevcQi2
RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows U.S. 'power' will meet North Korean threat https://t.co/od7Ohr51XD
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents https://t.co/yGAq4IgHOs
RT @foxandfriends: U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight' https://t.co/E4EGIyNSHP
RT @TheFive: \"Media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report.\"-@jessebwatters #thefive
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama. He has my complete and total endorsement!
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers &amp; taxpayers. Watch: https://t.co/lv3ScSKnF6 #RAISEAct https://t.co/zCFK5OfYnB
\"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome\"\nhttps://t.co/nqiZ8h8ajk
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES, our COUNTRY, &amp; OUR FREEDOM! https://t.co/YS6y1WR30G
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!\nRead more and watch here: https://t.co/hZE3fUqKDf https://t.co/TJn5x6HrFG
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation. It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks: https://t.co/Pb5FTTOyWf https://t.co/U6tfV93dDG
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥https://t.co/jIejSgVnnA
...big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got....
....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
....Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming.....
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow......
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans, and our country, down yesterday. Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. We all had a great time in a great State. Will be back soon!
RT @foxandfriends: Sen. John McCain making his return to the Senate ahead of health care vote https://t.co/VuojpRpcLM
People of Ohio are fantastic. Thank you so much. What an evening! https://t.co/KM0zoaULYH
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown, Ohio this evening. A grateful nation salutes you! https://t.co/RxobYHP1oR
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, &amp; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare. They MUST keep their promise to America!
RT @FoxNews: U.S. Markets since election. https://t.co/rlWSt30GUd
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is \"sick.\" All G 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the Chancellor of Germany. Press knew!
Big WIN today for building the wall. It will secure the border &amp; save lives. Now the full House &amp; Senate must act! ➡️https://t.co/TTg7lvBdo2 https://t.co/xhiknXko70
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. Jobs outlook looking very good! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Vwxsb2vWGe
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
\"After 14 years, U.S. beef hits Chinese market. Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.\" https://t.co/gDGgejqFMs
The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform &amp; many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats. Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with. Disgraceful!
.@WashTimes states \"Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump.\"
ISIS is on the run &amp; will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp; Iraq, illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp; MS 13 gangs are being removed.
RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill https://t.co/wBjha8ldeK
Remember, when you hear the words \"sources say\" from the Fake Media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist.
My son Donald did a good job last night. He was open, transparent and innocent. This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Sad!
RT @FoxNews: .@jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney: \"I believe Don Jr. is the victim here.\" #TheFive https://t.c…
My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you! ➡️https://t.co/mDhFzDm3ED https://t.co/BcB3wLjILg
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland, after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z
From my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks… https://t.co/VBoEubD59k
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up. https://t.co/necCt4K6UH
Today, I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more… https://t.co/5k8WzW1t68
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon.… https://t.co/GvPhJ9hZdv
#ICYMI- on Monday, I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH. Full Remarks:… https://t.co/7IIQEh7xXv
The #AmazonWashingtonPost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate’s Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' https://…
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… https://t.co/n6LS32a6Zn
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare,Tax Cuts,Security. Obstruction doesn't work!
Well, the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News, all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job, we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews \"Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election.\"
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence.\n➡️… https://t.co/J1ulOd6pYQ
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, &amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day, great people!
RT @TuckerCarlson: .@RichardGrenell : @realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home…
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati, in the GREAT STATE of OHIO, to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp; also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets.
#ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative \n\nWatch➡️https://t.co/IMiZr22gAw
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders, including @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr, @GOPLeader, @JohnCornyn… https://t.co/G03W8CEtCS
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam, Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. https://t.co/6YbrIvJUCY
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships. See more at:… https://t.co/FT4kyPoAl0
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
...case against him &amp; now wants to clear his name by showing \"the false or misleading testimony by James Comey, John Brennan...\" Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats, who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia, don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
Who can figure out the true meaning of \"covfefe\" ???  Enjoy!
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels, Belgium this afternoon! https://t.co/1AvYSameD4
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… https://t.co/Jhe7SROaxD
It was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy. CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… https://t.co/ehQanQXiSy
Dems have been complaining for months &amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge &amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
years, as a pol in Connecticut, Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. \"Richie\" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH... https://t.co/dnGY08wTBP
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN, IRAQ... https://t.co/i4FtSpLiHV
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently, \"I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer.\" Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
An honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th… https://t.co/eyHLFZbKhn
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… https://t.co/B8VxVsYNHA
...Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare, and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
A great great honor to welcome &amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year, as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… https://t.co/pUGl7RDoVX
Today, I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:… https://t.co/YYafFQncbC
Today, I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept. of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… https://t.co/Eq6JDzMqTY
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS, Melania! \nhttps://t.co/rYYp51mxDQ https://t.co/np7KYHglSv
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
...the Ninth Circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%). They used to call this \"judge shopping!\" Messy system.
Out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the \"ban\" case and now the \"sanctuary\" case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp; Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse. #S544 \nWatch… https://t.co/0sMv4sPrmf
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 https://t.co/JPEXQTVR1E
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
Despite major outside money, FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates, BIG \"R\" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp; focus on… https://t.co/G9TdjWezmH
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes, easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems, who spent heavily &amp; predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for… https://t.co/GxrOR3ALCE
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse.… https://t.co/phLPw8lgTu
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session➡️… https://t.co/ooF2ediqSt
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
Big day for healthcare. Working hard!
Thank you Andrew Jackson! #POTUS7 #USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/GToWsWXiNv
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp; U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, \"went to his mailbox\" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to #MAGA! https://t.co/BSp685Q9Qf https://t.co/K7yeBZsf6r
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse. Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp; around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
THANK YOU!
#JointSession #MAGA🇺🇸\nhttps://t.co/RDO6Jt2pip
Join me live at 9:00 P.M. \n#JointAddress https://t.co/J882zbyVkJ https://t.co/gTtK3vJmkU
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner &amp; husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… https://t.co/HhgE51dtSN
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' #RepealAndReplace \nhttps://t.co/dmHL7xIEQv
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!\nTickets:… https://t.co/OigfXFECPp
Welcome to the United States, @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp; Sara!\n#ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: \nhttps://t.co/GN6ALWUusN https://t.co/bH60nBL5FP
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! https://t.co/sy6xJcWfcF
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by \"intelligence\" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - \"The NSA &amp; FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is\" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp; @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC &amp; @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'\nhttps://t.co/6LmsR5JOSW
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' \nPoll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...https://t.co/KWsIWhtC9o
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' https://t.co/wAelwuQ4BE
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of @Intel. A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS!… https://t.co/oicfDsPKHQ
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' https://t.co/0dHld5kiVc
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs &amp; Sheriffs for your leadership &amp; service. You have a true friend in the… https://t.co/Lysnv8ZR1h
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse.\nhttps://t.co/LHOs4nAaGl
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
I will be interviewed by @DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ABC. Will be my first interview from the White House.… https://t.co/4zuOrRdcoc
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible \"carnage\" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @WhiteHouse today. https://t.co/T0eIgO6LP8
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday.… https://t.co/J0ojOXjrga
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
\"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string...\" @WSJ
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to \"leak\" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great \"movement\" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is \"A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.\" Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews \nhttps://t.co/d6daCFZHNh
RT @MichaelCohen212: I have never been to Prague in my life. #fakenews https://t.co/CMil9Rha3D
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the \"Movement\"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have \"hacking defense\" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
\"@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: “It’s very dishonest.” #Hannity https://t.co/ADcPRQifH9\" More dishonest than anyone knows
Julian Assange said \"a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta\" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The \"Intelligence\" briefing on so-called \"Russian hacking\" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' https://t.co/SjGBgglIuQ
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! https://t.co/4PjSOEU5y9
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch:… https://t.co/iEGWZLuiFE
RT @DanScavino: Join #PEOTUS Trump &amp; #VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis, Wisconsin! \n#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA\nhttps://t.co/vU5EPIYKUc https:/…
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!\n#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGA… https://t.co/Geq6sT70IT
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...\nhttps://t.co/r5eRLR24Q3
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: https://t.co/ZAuTgxKPpb https://t.co/EF9xRWmciA
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' https://t.co/GTuNcQhLYx
RT @DanScavino: Great interview on @foxandfriends by @SteveDoocy w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump &amp; #VPE…
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross &amp; Todd Ricketts… https://t.co/cEBxoWsnYp
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!\nTickets:… https://t.co/51Emq7Tffa
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get \"top level security clearance\" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm. \n#ElectionNight #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/HfuJeRZbod
RT @IvankaTrump: Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2…
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #6Days https://t.co/eHTGIEpFsm
Thank you Orlando, Florida! We are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch… https://t.co/LPXBQZ5AXt
After decades of lies and scandal, Crooked Hillary's corruption is closing in. #DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/YivCacmkKq
Clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters Clinton planned to betray labor on TPP post-election: \nhttps://t.co/ZZjbGDZP7e
\"It pays to have friends in high places- like the Justice Department. Clearly the Clintons do.\" \n#DrainTheSwamp! https://t.co/KZXB4B156M
Thank you Miami! In 6 days, we are going to WIN the GREAT STATE of FLORIDA - and we are going to win back the White… https://t.co/MKYPOp0MeD
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
\"@PYNance: Evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @CissieGLynch @SaysGabrielle https://t.co/k5kGXPR2WA\"
\"@Ravenrantz: #Billygraham's grand daughter #SupportsTrump https://t.co/sKz1SPHzDZ\"  So nice, thank you Cissy Graham Lynch!!!!
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me in Florida tomorrow!\n\nMIAMI•12pm\nhttps://t.co/A3X71Q6sG2\n\nORLANDO•4pm\nhttps://t.co/6BqTVoty5C\n\nPENSACOLA•7p… https://t.co/kEQuuJeO1B
Thank you for your incredible support Wisconsin and Governor @ScottWalker! It is time to #DrainTheSwamp &amp; #MAGA!… https://t.co/gKBkKmTudn
Hillary said she was under sniper fire (while surrounded by USSS.) Turned out to be a total lie. She is not fit to… https://t.co/hBIrGj21l6
JOIN ME IN OHIO TOMORROW!\nSpringfield-1pm:\nhttps://t.co/YcbpSigtva\n\nToledo-4pm:\nhttps://t.co/BOJH0l1CZz\n\nGeneva-7pm… https://t.co/7qbIRel33u
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
UNBELIEVABLE!\nClinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited White House 342 times: https://t.co/qQdsMHAtkT
'Over 250,000 to Lose Health Insurance in Battleground North Carolina Due to #Obamacare'\nhttps://t.co/18McSKO2AY
Join my team tonight at 8:30pmE!\nhttps://t.co/ZqJmf4yB87 https://t.co/ncJXn6fURF
I will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!… https://t.co/GQizTdCdFC
I am going to expand the definition of LOBBYIST - so we close all the LOOPHOLES! #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/PBPrrEnfSK
Obamacare premiums increasing 33% in Pennsylvania - a complete disaster. It must be repealed and replaced!… https://t.co/aDZEfcI7SM
'Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails With Her Email Server Technician'\nhttps://t.co/VvO4lTKsaj
Join me in Delaware, Ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #DrainTheSwamp \nTickets: https://t.co/TWRFY1ryY8 https://t.co/Zd1KjzlCtJ
'Top Hillary Adviser Mocked, Plotted Attacks on Pro-Sanders Civil Rights Leader' #DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/ER5FtjZgjw
'Dem Operative Who Oversaw Trump Rally Agitators Visited White House 342 Times' #DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/MO4SJaQMzo
'State works hard, and illegally, for Clinton' #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/zXvUnJTKhF
'Scandals surround Clinton's gatekeeper at State'\n#DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/xxTTZeMYAc
The State Department's 'shadow government' #DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/UtbqlGrYJh
More Anti-Catholic Emails From Team Clinton: https://t.co/KYirBbYjp2 https://t.co/f8Z7olUvlM
It is time to #DrainTheSwamp!\nhttps://t.co/U2XeM2vDJK
‘Food Groups’ – Emails Show Clinton Campaign Organized Potential VPs By Race And Gender: https://t.co/Qk1fOm1t8L
#DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/wqqPjxfBoJ
Time to #DrainTheSwamp in Washington, D.C. and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/2016. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE… https://t.co/rVcjXdWxzp
Hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the United States. #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/xA3YO8YzCq
'Clinton Campaign Tried to Limit Damage From Classified Info on Email Server' #DrainTheSwamp \nhttps://t.co/5j8WuKLL5o
I will be in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #OhioVotesEarly #VoteTrumpPence16 \nTickets:… https://t.co/Bp5iHKbT2d
The MOVEMENT in Lakeland, Florida. Voter registration extended to 10/18. REGISTER ASAP @ https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ &amp;… https://t.co/PygIlshrgv
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
PAY TO PLAY POLITICS. \n#CrookedHillary https://t.co/wjsl8ITVvk
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Thank you Florida- a MOVEMENT that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. Lets get out &amp;… https://t.co/t9XM9wFDZI
Join me Thursday in Florida &amp; Ohio!\nWest Palm Beach, FL at noon:\nhttps://t.co/jwbZnQhxg9\nCincinnati, OH this 7:30pm:\nhttps://t.co/5w2UhalPIx
Reuters polling just out- thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/UMY6kOiSTu
Thank you South Carolina! Everyone has to get out and VOTE on 11/8/16. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain… https://t.co/os7EmRCdPf
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
'Small business says Trump is their pick for president'\nhttps://t.co/tzVN9QgPFS
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
Thank you Henderson, NV. This is a MOVEMENT like never seen before! Watch some of the rally via my Facebook page:… https://t.co/dNF8G4VUqY
About to begin a rally here in Henderson, Nevada. New Reuters poll just out- thank you! Join the MOVEMENT:… https://t.co/uvbntNsxGl
Beautiful morning- thank you @ICLV! https://t.co/xzJhrLgjHP
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
RT @mike_pence: History teaches us that weakness arouses evil. America needs to be strong on the world stage. #VPDebate https://t.co/FJ59o5…
RT @TeamTrump: RT if you agree - @HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine are WRONG for America! #VPDebate #MAGA https://t.co/2MZfFzCo6c
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine's Abortion Flip-Flops: From Valuing The Sanctity of Life --&gt; Pro-Abortion Demagogue #VPdebate https://t.co/aK4061…
\"@AnyoneTennis: @timkaine Cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #Pence vs the other guy...so obvious @FoxNews\"  So true!
\"@Gsimmons03Ginny: @realDonaldTrump ..Kaine is awful, Trump and Pence are the ticket..no more lies, we are ready to see America Great Again!
Clinton’s Top Aides Were Mired In Conflict Of Interest At The State Department: https://t.co/wWfdaECtVu\n#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
\"@FLifeforce: @_CFJ_ @vine That is a reason to NOT Vote for Hillary Clinton. Vote for Liberty! Vote for @realDonaldTrump\"
.@HillaryClinton’s Careless Use Of A Secret Server Put National Security At Risk: https://t.co/OiAEMnrGcy #VPDebate\n#BigLeagueTruth
CLINTON IS WEAK ON NORTH KOREA:\nhttps://t.co/8pRednmnFX #VPDebate
RT @TeamTrump: Obama-Clinton FAILED foreign policy:\n-Bad nuclear deal\n-Ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror\n-Sharing classifie…
RT @TeamTrump: .@HillaryClinton &amp; @timkaine think you're #Deplorables &amp; #BasementDwellers. @realDonaldTrump &amp; @mike_pence think you're PATR…
CLINTON’S CLOSE TIES TO PUTIN DESERVE SCRUTINY:\nhttps://t.co/wPYm5vQoyt #VPDebate
Sanctions Relief From Clinton-Obama Iran Nuclear Deal Likely Go to Terrorists:\nhttps://t.co/lM80JriF9k #BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
.@timkaine is wrong for defense: \nhttps://t.co/QN9qqoq1kH \n#BigLeagueTruth #VPDebate
ICYMI: PENCE: I RAN A STATE THAT WORKED; KAINE RAN A STATE THAT FAILED. https://t.co/XuWaueNkH0
.@timkaine is the ANTI-DEFENSE SENATOR. #VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/qWkvGFARA1
RT @TeamTrump: We need STRONG, BROAD-SHOULDERED leadership like @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump in the White House! #VPDebate #BigLeagueTrut…
CLINTON’S FLAILING SYRIA POLICY WAS JUDGED A FAILURE:\nhttps://t.co/ICZxn7Q3vZ #VPDebate
RT @GOP: In @timkaine's own words ⬇️ #Debates2016 https://t.co/PMngoKHUjA
.@mike_pence and I will defeat #ISIS.\nhttps://t.co/oCIIDwtptV #VPDebate
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT MIKE PENCE “DOMINATING” THE DEBATE:\nhttps://t.co/mUw9S5GgNM #VPDebate
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate \n\n\"Police officers are the best of us...\"\n@Mike_Pence
.@HillaryClinton Sneers At Millions Of Average Americans.\nhttps://t.co/gEfURjRCfu \n#VPDebate #BigLeagueTruth
RT @TeamTrump: “Police officers are the BEST of us. Law enforcement in this country is a force for GOOD.\" - @mike_pence #VPDebate #BigLeagu…
\"@GeeVeeM: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Pence is so prepared! He did his homework to outperform Kaine.\"
RT @TeamTrump: Law enforcement officers bring communities together &amp; keep us safe. @mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump RESPECT &amp; stand by them!…
RT @seanspicer: .@timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #VPDebate
.@timkaine oversaw unemployment INCREASE by 179,249 while @mike_pence DECREASED unemployment in Indiana by 113,826.… https://t.co/wFQM8kg287
\"@aldonturnaolco1: @FrankLuntz @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump good!!\"
\"@bcuzimdamomma: @FreeDavidKing No she only gets #Americans killed #Benghazi - we need @realDonaldTrump #MAGA\"
\"@ifdanyt: @realDonaldTrump Loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible. Kaine is just talking bull!
\"@carol_lcnixon67: @realDonaldTrump Kaine says Hillary and he have plans. She could care less what Kaine thinks.\"
\"@ARSenMissyIrvin: I want a \"you're fired\" president with people in Govt who are WASTING my tax $'s. @realDonaldTrump\"
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
\"@TeamTrump: .@mike_pence &amp; @realDonaldTrump are PROVEN job creators and are prepared to bring JOBS BACK to the American people!
\"@Jnelson52722: @realDonaldTrump @Susiesentinel Kaine looks like an evil crook out of the Batman movies\"
\"@elisac006: @nycmia @realDonaldTrump I agree. Kaine looks like a fool!!\"
RT @TeamTrump: .@timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like Crooked @HillaryClinton #VPDebates #BigLeagueTruth https://t.co/SPOIn8AN8m
\"@bigdog_joey: @realDonaldTrump @timkaine is so angry. Our @mike_pence looks great. kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain
RT @mike_pence: There’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the American economy. #VPDebate https://t.co/cvv0cK6Fbt
RT @joshrogin: Pence is right. Clinton &amp; Obama tried to negotiate an Iraq troop extension but failed. Bush admin always anticipated such an…
\"@Susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than Kaine #cbsnews @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@lainey34210: @realDonaldTrump Great opening Pence💕\"
\"@RoadkingL: @mike_pence Wow, Kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie. Marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi\"
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Join me in Reno, Nevada on Wednesday at 3:30pm at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center! #MAGA\nTickets:… https://t.co/G0NvFLQWgS
Join me in Henderson, Nevada on Wednesday at 11:30am! #MAGA \nTickets: https://t.co/pWTYv9BbUE
Join me live in Waukesha, Wisconsin for an 8pmE rally! #AmericaFirst #MAGA\nhttps://t.co/G8kGLSFy6S
Thank you Council Bluffs, Iowa! Will be back soon. Remember- everything you need to know about Hillary -- just… https://t.co/45kIHxdX83
RT @TeamTrump: \"She put the office of Sec of State up for sale. If she ever got the chance, she’d put the Oval Office up for sale too.\" #Fo…
An honor to meet with the Polish American Congress in Chicago this morning! #ImWithYou \nVideo:… https://t.co/lBFHoWRqox
Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres...https://t.co/xeGYL2IzUP
Join me in Council Bluffs, Iowa- today at 3pm! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nTickets: https://t.co/iRL3xh37gF
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record: https://t.co/8ZHGyOth0f
Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha… https://t.co/VU5wh2zXBU
Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets #MAGA!… https://t.co/Y8Sb8MNyXA
Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE… https://t.co/MQdp4GgLIE
RT @GMA: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on \"women who work;\" empowering campaign celebrates modern women.  https://t.co/rMFe9o6WcL
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF… https://t.co/Lt2L3NKzyi
Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a… https://t.co/AysJRMzvKw
Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm: https://t.co/s0XVVNyBKf https://t.co/UtCRxykurW
Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:\nhttps://t.co/rsx313493u https://t.co/JxsWXz05T9
Thank you @ATFD17! #ImWithYou\nVideo: https://t.co/z9Yg83VTF4
Great poll Florida - thank you! \n#ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/6Odle7j1hd
Thank you Ohio - see you tonight! https://t.co/0DyHkzzWvj
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Thank you Rep. @CynthiaLummis!\nhttps://t.co/4S4pnx4Q6r https://t.co/PLUKlsPXPR
Thank you Rep. @MarshaBlackburn!\nhttps://t.co/vxEk0X4ntS https://t.co/9gAk0FWqZ8
Thank you @RepReneeEllmers!\nhttps://t.co/1DrZpfa6je https://t.co/rzEw8pQhds
RT @LouDobbs: Trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the @FoxNews App @realDonaldTrump seems a candidate of destiny https://t.c…
CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\nTranscript: https://t.co/rntyxBSb9J\nhttps://t.co/5SWmxfVfto https://t.co/j389Quo4bg
Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/6Nwu7EMJ9d
Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!\nhttps://t.co/JCO7Za78tV https://t.co/LYmpRyY0Hq
#AmericaFirst! https://t.co/fQGxwAjXD7
'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #AmericaFirst #MAGA\nhttps://t.co/5FmxGtLkwt
\"@adhd_fa:Kudos to @PARISDENNARD for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realDonaldTrump #media bias
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp; #VoteTrump on 11/8/2016!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/HX2LRYs4Vq
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the \"f bomb.\"
Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst https://t.co/CWDQnISYH4
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
RT @RSBNetwork: We are ALREADY LIVE in Everett, WA for the Trump Rally. Come join us- our cameras tonight! #TrumpinEverett \n\nhttps://t.co/R…
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS POLL:  CLINTON, TRUMP ALL TIED UP... https://t.co/htCXcTA5T7
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm! #ImWithYou\nTickets: https://t.co/1jATILh2k7 https://t.co/VwKnxo1TNQ
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
Thank you for your support!\n#AmericaFirst #ImWithYou https://t.co/N8FShwYt2g
A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you! #TrumpPence16 https://t.co/K5MBAcnfR1
New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! \nhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW https://t.co/rnU1fkn274
Great new poll Florida - thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/7TKpe388Bc
I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! \n#MakeAmericaSafeAgain\nhttps://t.co/EMuSftG6RP\nhttps://t.co/FHPR44WixX
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
Thank you Travis County, Texas!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/ZBnYzNb0eo
Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on @SeanHannity at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy! https://t.co/8ZBneb0pGk
Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! https://t.co/7nReqYM7FF
We are going to make this a government of the people once again!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nhttps://t.co/Fi7yEb2XQb
We will repeal &amp; replace #Obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster! https://t.co/NNMyTJo6i6
A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities. #ImWithYou\nhttps://t.co/Eph6qy7zyB
#MakeAmericaSafeAgain #ImWithYou\nhttps://t.co/N9XNoGNcqc
Thank you Governor @ScottWalker &amp; @GOP Chairman @Reince Priebus. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou\nhttps://t.co/IdJBuaKMwK
Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #ImWithYou \nTickets: https://t.co/vDag45zrDc
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou\nVideo: https://t.co/AIa2Z9po2h https://t.co/qqSfOfgdap
#LawandOrder #ImWithYou\nTranscript: https://t.co/YlATGI2Ph6
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
\"@DSF2020: Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media.\"
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/8rWz6p1Ged
Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nhttps://t.co/g7ivluiyF2 https://t.co/RQUKD6sjno
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by \"low ratings\" @CNN.
Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you! #MAGA\nhttps://t.co/wnpVlq6oe4 https://t.co/32gdX684ew
I will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. Enjoy! https://t.co/9yicUxd87D
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
\"@dbongino: ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED! https://t.co/UgtfaUXzcr\"
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
Thank you Senator @ChuckGrassley! #TrumpPence16\nhttps://t.co/YmdH3fcaeW
Thank you @SenatorFischer! #TrumpPence16\nhttps://t.co/RMtU6aRZTQ
Thank you for your support of my candidacy! #MAGA #ImWithYou \nhttps://t.co/Al5bZlRFYk
Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida! #LESM #MAGA https://t.co/QoxJf4Xzbc
THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/IAcLfXe463
RT @mike_pence: Join me in Colorado, today! Look forward to seeing you!\n\nDenver- 2pm\nhttps://t.co/8VbvJYDa4F\n\nColorado Springs- 6pm\nhttps:/…
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:\n\nDaytona | 3pm- https://t.co/rJjYUbwiLL\nJacksonville | 7pm- https://t.co/zfxeNbr1nq
#CrookedHillary https://t.co/lwi9gqDEHE
Thank you Pennsylvania!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain \nhttps://t.co/bbv3EhGs5x https://t.co/bbroAGTdMw
As President, I will bring jobs back and get wages up for Americans who need it most.   https://t.co/rSEcsjiNFb\nhttps://t.co/ybFOV3gh0l
Thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #MAGA https://t.co/UEZorOQhTw
\"Trump right: Illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far\"\nhttps://t.co/1noCe9W6Ru
Great new poll - thank you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/mXovx0TLPC
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Join our next Vice President, @Mike_Pence in Wisconsin tonight &amp; Michigan Thursday!\n\nMI: https://t.co/daR2xIhCEs\nWI: https://t.co/LKc7e4VZkB
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to \"carpet bomb\" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said \"Trump is a genius.\" America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Just like I have warned from the beginning, Crooked Hillary Clinton will betray you on the TPP. \nhttps://t.co/eoNTWK6I8y
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
Watching the #GOPConvention\n#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
URGENT: we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight. Please stand with us! https://t.co/Ssrh55C6hW https://t.co/2KjT4TJ07Y
STATEMENT ON MELANIA SPEECH\nhttps://t.co/uzBOm21Pug
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Lyin' Crooked Hillary's email stories all have one thing in common. https://t.co/teoVCYXKOR
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most \npro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
#CrookedHillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida, Ohio, &amp; Pennsylvania. I haven't started yet! https://t.co/BcoPrwqFMe
Thank you Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania! #CrookedHillary is not qualified. #ImWithYou https://t.co/M1yzgyeEdY
Thank you! #ImWithYou https://t.co/6XkUQ0W4QS
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
THANK YOU INDIANA! #Trump2016 https://t.co/Jmkah9wGaA
To all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. We must beat Crooked Hillary. https://t.co/Xv8Q1GuWiH
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges, but...https://t.co/KO64IAMDgj https://t.co/8CBSfNpl2l
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team \"were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.\" Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with \"murder.\" Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Will be in Bangor, Maine today! Join me- 4pmE at the Cross Insurance Center! https://t.co/y4n4nERPFr https://t.co/7LAPewxE05
New Q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016 https://t.co/dL5ahNcwZb
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
\"@jtsbk:  @AllenWest thanks for sharing Eric we need @realDonaldTrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe\"
#Imwithyou https://t.co/tan8BmAuR8 https://t.co/5EZ7X1ZZKh
#Imwithyou https://t.co/iY4K7Wcw3C
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
\"@chrisboydbrew: @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @FoxBusiness.. Saw your interview.You are the best! Great questions, great answers\" Lou is great
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
RT @AnnCoulter: Trump's speech today was Churchillian, only better.  You can tell by the spluttering hysteria on TV about @realDonaldTrump.
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
Finally an accurate story from the Washington Post!\nhttps://t.co/0nNKEBSd73
Join me in Dallas, Texas on Thursday!\n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/fX0kXZUNqz https://t.co/c7sCbHDAQh
Thank you Atlanta, Georgia! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/cVJvfcoGOt
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
An: Media fell all over themselves criticizing what DonaldTrump \"may have insinuated about @POTUS.\" But he's right: https://t.co/bIIdYtvZYw
Thank you Greensboro, North Carolina! Will be back soon! #AmericaFirst https://t.co/R29WMGNLGG
Join me in Atlanta on Wednesday- at noon! #Trump2016\nTickets: https://t.co/1JJ2Kn0ani https://t.co/cyARlHSEFU
RT @seanhannity: Graph: @RealDonaldTrump's Historic 13 Million Primary Votes Compared To Every GOP Nominee Since 1908 https://t.co/vNpfaSZ8…
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!\n#AmericaFirst #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/42OpVsjXjp
\"@lovusa4: @RichardWeaving Why @foxandfriends @NewDay WHERE IS THE REPORTING @realDonaldTrump &lt;MOST VOTES FOR PRESIDENT IN HISTORY OF USA\"
\"@mariadaq:  HISTORIC!! what's historic is OUR national debt, record unemployment, &amp;pocketbook crisis!THE PEOPLE NEED TRUMP2 make USA RICH!\"
\"@sara_wejesa: @realDonaldTrump Great speach!!!!!!!\"  Thanks!
\"@jimhewitt: . @FrankCaliendo doing @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike is awesome. \"Number one presidency of all time\"
\"@JoeDeFranco: Top RINO hack for MSNBC Joey Scarborough on the air and calling the next President Trump a racist and bigot. Shame on you\"
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
\"@southpaw816: @SenSanders fans, greatest way to get even with her Highness - vote for @realDonaldTrump, at least you'll have a job.
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
\"@WolfStopper: Gee ... Does this make @realDonaldTrump right one more time? https://t.co/zjWKGMDgzi\"
\"@DjD_Thunder: Standing by @realDonaldTrump all the way to the White House! https://t.co/z4X1o5xHBh\"
Thank you California! #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/GusL2UPrX2 https://t.co/H6D25S1TR5
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/wNOY8Pc2kM https://t.co/osWzVxNkJx
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/GbRTQdxIj4 https://t.co/pNqwOrY0ZB
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/PgIYkHLGtI https://t.co/MyJMOKdpJ9
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/rOvTapLnWG https://t.co/PyHiy7vjO6
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
Join me in San Jose, California- tomorrow evening at 7pm! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/jLQukR550J https://t.co/Uds8OdH3A4
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Thank you Anaheim, California!\n#Trump2016 https://t.co/AEShamhNVS
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
\"@gordonsr1052:  Washington, BIG Thank You for supporting Trump! We are all going to help Trump Make America Great Again! Trump2016!\"
\"@buiIdthewall: @realDonaldTrump high energy!\"
\"@PiperSul: Great speech tonight Mr.Trump! Good Luck in California! Thank you.
\"@DeepakS76435750: @realDonaldTrump congratulations from India\"
\"@oasisupernova: @realDonaldTrump UP TO 8.4 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CAN'T STOP THE #TrumpTrain 🚂 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@jknatter: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTrain\"
\"@tcloer11: @realDonaldTrump Great job! Make America Great Again!\"
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/v9glTwj6gy
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Join me on Wednesday, May 25th at the Anaheim Convention Center!\n#Trump2016 #MAGA \nTickets: https://t.co/mmPck1HYrC https://t.co/xGkVbxTamz
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/kXhc2j94YF https://t.co/YZAdAndKXv
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/u8hhrRRFMp
Thank you Arizona! See you soon!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/IC3pe5lRAS
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
\"@ShoneeP: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare\"
\"@MagicMetalNinja:  The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST.\"
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/hK1yqlp9ca
\"@LouDobbs: Hillary Just Handed @realDonaldTrump a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
\"@sandrajeanne48: No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES @TheFive\"
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
\"@michael_favreau: @JIS3 @realDonaldTrump He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016\"
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
\"@COWBOYSFORTRUMP: @ChristiChat @Rockprincess818 @realDonaldTrump That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how \"THE MOVEMENT\" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
\"@jrector34: @realDonaldTrump Amazing job\"
\"@mai_Ttag:  Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!\"
I like Michael Douglas!
\"@thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Best interview that I have ever seen.
\"@CostaKenneth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Great interview Megyn\"
\"@svhlevi: @DiamondandSilk @realJeffreyLord @realDonaldTrump @CNN and we love you Diamond and Silk\"  I do also!
\"@johnjohnlacca: Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents
\"@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed\"  True!
\"@ladytsbrug: Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! @realDonaldTrump\" Thanks.
\"@Janik1968: @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts\"
\"@KaceyIlliot1669: @realDonaldTrump We actually really do love you!\" Great!
\"@johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!\"
\"@jlund04: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done.\"
\"@FrankDallasAgg: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!\"
\"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.
\"@LADYJOANNE: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!\"
\"@curtandkaren: Kudos to @megynkelly and @realDonaldTrump for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍\"
\"@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job\"
\"@SandraR67758219: @realDonaldTrump You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!\"
\"@longbyfive: @realDonaldTrump great interview with @megynkelly !\" Thanks.
\"@HFFoundation4: @realDonaldTrump One thing we know for sure @BernieSanders supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not @HillaryClinton\"
\"@wesleyfelixpsi: @realDonaldTrump speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all. @FoxNews @megynkelly
\"@manakoa:DonaldTrump, you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! Respect to both\"
\"@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!\" Not really soft at all!
\"@xGodfatherxzx: @realDonaldTrump amazing on Megan Kelly\" Thanks.
\"@TrumpTrainRider: .@realDonaldTrump Watching you on Fox with @megynkelly now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about.\"
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Thanks Piers. https://t.co/hiDDT9hV0j
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/CLhqgybbYR
RT @dmartosko: 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson says he'll back Trump for president https://t.co/WPJjMPYjlK via @MailOnline
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
Thank you Nebraska!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/RRma61oisz
Thank you West Virginia!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/iCGcF21fWY
Join me in Charleston, WV - tomorrow! https://t.co/kv624y9UOm
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Join me on @greta- from Indianapolis, Indiana at 7pmE! Enjoy! #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/gTyn8GLGil
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: An Honor to be in #Indiana w @realDonaldTrump @greta &amp; the legend, Bobby Knight! I like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
THANK YOU Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/MGKh77wQt8
Agreed! https://t.co/biyldP3CIw
Thank you Newt! https://t.co/FOh7qEnKUF
RT @AnnCoulter: GREATEST FOREIGN POLICY SPEECH SINCE WASHINGTON'S FAREWELL ADDRESS.
Thanks Dave! https://t.co/NaPPQNjVi2
Thanks! https://t.co/5jiSyvQiNj
Thank you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/aKxoD24IN9
Thank you! https://t.co/aYbOob1kiT
Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016 https://t.co/FeXThmUWuo
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016 https://t.co/EzCvm7yc0Y
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016 https://t.co/3GGoVXSZSf
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016 https://t.co/mucxspuHnV
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016 https://t.co/hH3h6bRMIs
Thank you Indiana! Was great seeing everyone on Wednesday! I will be back soon! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/mWfLxYKPbk https://t.co/62DKEm5XVm
Thank you Indiana! Will be back soon!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/pxvSL8cs3B
#Trump360 Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower- https://t.co/2YT2Kxly9t
Off to Indiana! #Trump2016 https://t.co/zqUdaaSaXD
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/tK6mKZpFBl
\"@bigop1: @realDonaldTrump @CNN @oreillyfactor https://t.co/vXiQru6HIE\"  Wow, really nice!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
Thank you New York! I love you!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/T1J0aUwMXl
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
\"@GreenSkyDeb: Look everybody, DonaldTrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
Join me in Pittsburgh- tonight at 7pmE! #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain\nTickets: https://t.co/TrKj5lGXup
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/249n3yLQxS
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  https://t.co/l5TyL8U4e8
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Thank you- Appleton, Wisconsin!\n#WIPrimary #Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/XkbTWHpEvy https://t.co/klUNUV2J5S
Congratulations to @CNN for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Up8DhQulZ4
Please keep your thoughts &amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005. https://t.co/D8RBfufIwH
THANK YOU, NEW YORK!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/PuqiM93zOS https://t.co/fSgpKjwk2q
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Nice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign https://t.co/35…
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain\nhttps://t.co/MMPR0Omwog https://t.co/Dgqky0JiHO
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Thank you, Arizona! #Trump2016\n#WesternTuesday #TrumpTrain https://t.co/VMCzxrryG8
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Thank you, Missouri! #Trump2016 https://t.co/iOzGtcBbia
Wow, just won Missouri!
RT @JohnStossel: I can skate here ONLY b/c @realdonaldtrump fixed this rink after NYC gov’t spent $13M, but FAILED! Good for Trump! https:/…
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruz\nhad zero. Things are going very well!
Is this what we want for a President? https://t.co/2yYy6Nyta9
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
\"@FoxBusiness: .@RepTomMarino: I think @realDonaldTrump can beat HillaryClinton. And I'm looking forward to Trump being president.
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
\"@lucyric13835428: @realDonaldTrump @megynkelly  That's funny, I switched to other media too, can't stand her\"
\"@MaryEH428: @RealBenCarson I thank God you are on board with @realDonaldTrump to help him and us #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ty!!\"
Thank you Marco, I agree! https://t.co/PTfFzFno9p
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at \nMar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/vcfstc6Wnb
Thank you, North Carolina! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/hd4wtDonIB
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Thank you, Florida! #SuperTuesday \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/nzhnLQXrZg
Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands!#SuperTuesday #Trump2016 \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/OoP4mls4lp
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
Another Dishonest Politician \n#LightweightSenatorMarcoRubio https://t.co/w7G5vJ511O
Keep lightweight Marco and his friends out of the White House. \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/hNkkRx66Hc
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
RT @RSBNetwork: LIVE Stream now: Donald Trump press conference #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 https://t.co/s7WgNXR27A
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Thank you! #Trump2016 https://t.co/WvTkL8mMHY
Thank you America! #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/jOD54EGGmG
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify.\nVideo: https://t.co/RWEnPUJO23 https://t.co/RT8Gmf6WHL
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here: https://t.co/WwIVhIud06
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
\"@HavBat22: @TeamCavuto #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM.\" So true!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
My wife @MELANIATRUMP will be #OnTheRecord w/ @greta tonight at 7pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy! \nhttps://t.co/yxrRkJJSGG https://t.co/Trv1hj9hRI
\"@KinnardJan: @Itsjoeco @realDonaldTrump I took Trump University class and saved my home!\"
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
\"@JoeNBC: FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.
\"@JoeNBC: Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday\"
\"@NorahODonnell: Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold.\"
\"@mikiebarb: \"A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination\" for Rubio, says @apalmerdc: https://t.co/zCTpSAjPvc …\"
\"@danpfeiffer: For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump\"  So true!
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016\n#SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia!\n#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for \"liar\" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
\"@Ward_II: Oh great @MittRomney is doing a @SenatorReid on @realDonaldTrump like losing the presidency wasn't enough #Trump2016\" He's a fool
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/IVSR0hmh5g
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
I am in Virginia @RegentU Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here: https://t.co/LgucYLxFgG
I am self funding my campaign &amp; don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! #Trump2016\nWatch: https://t.co/fUzX92RYIm
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
THANK YOU NEVADA!\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\n@Snapchat! \nUsername: realdonaldtrump \nhttps://t.co/e0HX1zekX8 https://t.co/uVBGpXzICo
THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! \nhttps://t.co/ClAnLIg0AD https://t.co/zVvyVCIaD4
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
RT @TrumpNV: #NVcaucus locator -&gt; https://t.co/WIzgQcbvOB
Exclusive interview w/ my wife @MELANIATRUMP- tomorrow morning @ 8amE on @Morning_Joe w/ @morningmika @MSNBC. Enjoy! https://t.co/FQSEKWxnwj
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months -Wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! #NVcaucus …
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Join us tomorrow in Kiawah, South Carolina! #SCPrimary #VoteTrumpSC\n#Trump2016 \nhttps://t.co/pG868uImBb
THANK YOU AMERICA! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TRrdR0nlpM
Thank you Nevada! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/n6hGfdCWuv
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/uMLm0Gd3lX
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I \"would never be president\" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
\"@ChJLuc91: @YomasterJon @RichardTBurnett  Scary how smoothly Cruz looks into the camera and lies about Trump, CANT be #POTUS! #Trump2016\"
\"@babo_sirin: BUSTED AGAIN: @TedCruz in Hot Water Over Possibly Illegal Fundraising #SCPrimary https://t.co/aaTtAbfOXx\" The guy is bad news
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
\"@debdew2:  @brithume @megynkelly @DiamondandSilk FOX: TRUMP HATERS R SCARED BECAUSE THEY LOSE -  TRUMP IS WINNING https://t.co/6umGLYjWhT\"
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
\"@Good2bqueen67:  @brithume @megynkelly They're too lame to get it, Sir. When you win the election they'll get it.\"
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a \"highly gifted politician and a great entertainer\" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
\"@MarkHalperin: My report card grades for the 2 New Hampshire winners: DonaldTrump A: v strong energy/close. BernieSanders B+: went too long
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
Thank you, New Hampshire! Departing with my amazing family now! #FITN #NHPrimary\nhttps://t.co/rbFfcq8gQq https://t.co/73aoZk8uMG
Join me at Clemson University on Wednesday, February 10th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\nhttps://t.co/X6tp1bpIhi
RT @DarrenJJordan: CONSTRUCTIVE WINS! 💪 \n@realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ @DanScavino @MichaelCohen212 @KatrinaPierson @DefendingtheUSA http…
Stop the assault on American values. Stand w/ Trump to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!\n#VotersSpeak: https://t.co/XRRJ0fMkNV https://t.co/c7EHokbLD1
Thank you New Hampshire! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN https://t.co/4EFJbQxJGW
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for \"deceit and dirty tricks and lies.\"
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud https://t.co/tRM7KUCrSU
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and \"choice\" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists &amp; special interests. https://t.co/QYcedgsoV3 https://t.co/5f7zFDiVsN
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: LIMBAUGH: By not showing, he's owning entire event... https://t.co/fdizXOkBFc
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
CBS's FACE THE NATION - Posts Largest Audience Since 2001\n#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/TzZx97FU1n
https://t.co/SmTkLPiBYD
New CNN/WMUR New Hampshire poll just released. Thank you! #FITN #Trump2016 https://t.co/sZr9taU20G
Bob Dole Warns of ‘Cataclysmic’ Losses With Ted Cruz, and Says Donald Trump Would Do Better via New York Times: https://t.co/txEaLrZ4uY
Thank you, New Hampshire! #FITN\n#Trump2016 #NHPolitics https://t.co/3FkMZpaEdR
Thank you, Florida! #Trump2016 https://t.co/npcw1AN2ht
15K in OK! Had to turn away 5k, but we are coming back soon to take care of them! So much love in the crowd! Thanks! https://t.co/XsOeREiYuA
RT @SarahPalinUSA: Trading in the beautiful snow of Iowa for the red dirt of Oklahoma as planned, despite what the media is try's no... htt…
Great rally in Iowa! Such wonderful people. Traveling now with @SarahPalinUSA to Tulsa- massive crowd expected! https://t.co/gaK4KEbHOh
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nLIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE\nVideo: https://t.co/8kAswDS0bc https://t.co/0bSTLvq7V9
\"@nytimes: Breaking News: Sarah Palin has endorsed Donald Trump in the GOP primary - appeal to Tea Party loyalists https://t.co/9aKuuuD1wE\"
\"@ron_fournier: President Donald Trump (just getting used to it)\" Wow, very nice!
I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement tonight. \nVideo: https://t.co/4P7AMKI4iq https://t.co/bjTPvwM4nW
Judge Jeanine Slams GOP Establishment:\nhttps://t.co/gEhfZ3NAhi
#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ECONOMY - VIDEO: https://t.co/KrCUSYFPLb https://t.co/KsVYviVdc2
THANK YOU! #VoteTrump \nhttps://t.co/y7pnMqCs7j
THANK YOU, IOWA! Highly respected @OANN @GravisMarketing poll just released. #VoteTrump #IowaCaucus https://t.co/Ecs9XYXaXL
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: REUTERS ROLLING:  TRUMP 39%, CRUZ 14.5%, BUSH 10.6%, CARSON 9.6%, RUBIO 6.7%... MORE... https://t.co/nRhtbzcqP9
Thank you! #VoteTrump\nhttps://t.co/g7eeySMUdl
My nomination would increase voter turnout. #VoteTrump \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/6kjCaStCjG
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
\"@johnkurkosky: @Carolde @The_Lady_Colors  @DRJAMESCABOT @TamiDurling @AceofSpadesHQ THIS ELECTION IS ABOUT AMERICAS FUTURE, VOTE TRUMP\"
Thank you for your support last night, Iowa! #VoteTrump #Trump2016 #IACaucus #FITN #IAPolitics https://t.co/xRvznATrU7
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
New CBS poll. #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/sFPRHHeLbd
Do you believe that @UnionLeader in NH was demanding ads? Look at enclosed letter from them, just received: https://t.co/NucdHBZAH9
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son, @EricTrump! Very proud of you!\nhttps://t.co/ZHMKIqnUwL https://t.co/IJzW2NDJyA
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
\"@becker_berta: @longtalltexan20 Trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do, attacked the media for all their lies\"
\"@ArkaysDesign: @slone @realDonaldTrump Have to get people of all ages out to vote for Donald Trump!\"
\"@CompresPhyllis:  @seanhannity @FoxNews I am so glad u are for Trump your program is my favorite. The Don is by far the best\"
\"@Kacee50: @realDonaldTrump Women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. And Hillary wants to take those rights away from women!\"
\"@kristopheryan11: @realDonaldTrump mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight\"  Thank you!
\"@dantegtmeyer: # ISIS Reportedly Murders Spies Calls #DavidCameron 'Slave of the #WH' Video https://t.co/b57TS93Jj8   ARE YOU WELCOME NOW\"
\"@Boazziz: . @DanScavino Somewhere in that crowd am I. The Gymnasium was electric, the crowd unstoppable &amp; @realDonaldTrump Kingly.\"
\"@RubinsteinNel: @realDonaldTrump @pearl_brendan @dphilbs If Trump doesn't win, we may not be able to recuperate America.\"
\"@trumpy17: @realDonaldTrump gave an AWESOME speech in Claremont tonight!!
\"@pearl_brendan: @dphilbs if @realDonaldTrump doesn't win, I'm leaving this country #Trump4President\"
I am in New Hampshire. Just received great news from Reuters poll. Thank you for your support! https://t.co/yzp9dGfbce
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now. https://t.co/RhN5gVNBqM
Great poll- thank you Nevada!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/9Lr1v6vjJb
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TBAD5MeYCE
Thank you Hilton Head, South Carolina! @SCTeamTrump #Trump2016 https://t.co/RLCz17tIas https://t.co/L5IAlbsdkw
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
\"@TruthisAll1: @realDonaldTrump @CharlesHurt @seanhannity Good morning, Mr. Trump. You're so AWESOME. #Trump2016 https://t.co/LljQbi4fdP\"
\"@bfb123456: @trumpiowa @PlaysTrumpCard @realDonaldTrump  WOW! FANTASTIC!. WHO KNEW AMERICANS WERE SO SMART? GREAT TO KNOW WE'RE so smart\"
\"@hammetjohn: DonaldTrump - How do u do it Donald. No one could keep up with u at your pace. Shows how hard u will work for us as President\"
\"@videosigninc: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going Mr. Trump. All the best to you for the New Year. Make America Great Again !\" Thanks
\"@Hashtag1USA: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Jeb cancelling his Iowa rally last night ? https://t.co/1oe798AAEU\" I went, he didn't!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU Council Bluffs, Iowa! The silent majority, is silent no more!\n#Trump2016 #FITN https://t.co/VTAe68eQ1k https://t.co/IPsJPVH5JP
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
Hillary, when you complain about \"a penchant for sexism,\" who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The silent majority- is silent no more! Remember the importance of VOTING!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/wBdSg5ab25
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/e9dEs4HuwQ
Thank you America! Together- we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/MWMFn4asWH
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/TUDwrg6RsD
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word \"schlonged,\" bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said \"schlonged\" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: \"That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls.\" #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. \"Schlonged\" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got \"schlonged\" that meant beaten badly.
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/dl6IuSHwtK
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
\"@EndlessMike03: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor OMG awesome! What time zone!?\"
\"@chained111: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor yes sir\"
\"@SteelerDan619: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Your the man!!\"
\"@2timeslucky: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor You were amazing !\"
\"@BornToBeGOP: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor The only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is President Trump!\"  Cute!
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
\"@insuradude: The fix is in Donald did his best performance and @MarkHalperin @Morning_Joe has Jeb scoring higher? Jeb looked in pain\"  Joke
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate\nhttps://t.co/OhI1qXEOzC
#GOPDebate #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/czHzN0QkQN
Departing for #GOPDebate. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! https://t.co/nMNilyuL2F https://t.co/Bwyu1U3rHU
\"@ConradMBlack: Many thanks Donald, and all good wishes in helping to clean up the American government. Honored to be your friend. C.\"
\"@DonaldTrumpFink: .@GovMikeHuckabee: If  Donald becomes president, he will do a whole lot more to protect us than Hillary will.\" #GOPDebate
\"@JaniBetancoirt: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Pataki needs a brain surgeon!\"
\"@RobertH25937464: @CNN @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump Lindsey still doesn't hear Americans! Still at Zero! It's like Monty Python.
\"@twlhb: @realDonaldTrump @GovernorPataki just called you \"this PRESIDENT\" !!! https://t.co/z5pRWZgS08\"  But I don't want his endorsement!
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016 https://t.co/JWFE5tDg50
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
\"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis\" https://t.co/Kok27117dl
\" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims\"   https://t.co/d99X4O9ysG
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  https://t.co/xok4UTsXaN
Thank you @JebBush- you finally get it! https://t.co/QXqHpAH4jo
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  https://t.co/UvKt1Go6nT
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!  https://t.co/jg50w3rcnn … …
\"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' \" https://t.co/HWOLO4RVAC
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
\"@mysteriousLoser: @realDonaldTrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance\" Yes, he is a crude dope!
\"@ssheaver: @realDonaldTrump @nytimes @CNN https://t.co/QrsEZy8U3e\" Wow!
\"@ray_aub:  @nytimes @CNN People forget the policies of leaders like @JebBush allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, &amp; pilot planes\"
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
\"@USAforDJTRUMP: @realDonaldTrump @CNN Mr. Trump, you need to get some rest. We need you to stay healthy so that you can be our President!\"
\"@YitzySchwartz:  @CNN anyone who hates on Trump hates on America. We are a proud nation lacking a leader. Choose Trump to bring us\"
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for \"Trump\" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
\"@SaraGreenwell: @realDonaldTrump #VoteTrump2016 Chris Christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #TeamTrump\"
\"@Blacks4Trump16: Legal &amp; illegal immigration drive down American wages. Only DonaldTrump can fix this. @AnnCoulter #Trump2016 #TeamTrump\"
\"@BOSSYtxmar55: #Trump WILL WIN! He's counting on ALL supporters TO VOTE Then \"WE\" CELEBRATE WITH TAILGATE STYLE PARTIES! #TeamTrump
\"@TRUMPHIANT2016: This country is being frayed by the inept politicians in DC. We need to vote smarter and be more informed.  #TeamTrump\"
\"@DanScavino: Bruce LeVell, former GOP Chairman of Gwinnett County (GA) endorsed @realDonaldTrump today. #TeamTrump https://t.co/OY4Uo3tcJu
\"@DrRPSmall:  Amen, Mr. Trump! The liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! Bravo,sir! Your friend and supporter #DocinMich.
\"@iceblink62: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, the Establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency, and the American people!\" True!
\"@thumpmomma: I likewise saw militant Muslims burning our flag and burning George Bush photos and figures, right after 9/11! Not#here!\"
\"@MichaelCohen212:  @BreitbartNews @NewDay @CNN @ABC @NBCNews yet, ChrisChristie claims absolutely did not happen in #NewJersey. #wrong!\"
A signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA is the ultimate gift. Order now &amp; join my live streaming book signing on 12/3  https://t.co/TICkBtn8ff
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
Thank you CBS &amp; Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many, many witnesses. \n#Trump2016 https://t.co/AsxnfFWipJ
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
LIVE on #Periscope: Live with the Donald https://t.co/AKgvYBZHEE
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook &amp; Periscope! https://t.co/FQHNiJet2v
Illegal immigrant children, non-Mexicans surge across border at record rate https://t.co/V6TP55dRAC
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA &amp; submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.   https://t.co/TICkBt5xnH
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
The truth continues to come out after 14 years. A truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #Trump2016\nhttps://t.co/AtuacgxOW1
\"@ReversingASD: @CNN @CNNOpinion @realDonaldTrump Stupid \"opinion\"! #Trump is Winning! why will he leave? dummy! https://t.co/2gmWapqqOE\"
\"@realdctaylor: The Establishment is afraid of @realDonaldTrump. Once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #TeamTrump
Thank you for your continued support!\n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/SLo49cY9KB
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
\"@FranMFarber:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. Typical liberal!\" True!
\"@jbclemson: @realDonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Bombed is an understatement. Pathetic attempt by #GOP. Rove embarrassed himself\"
\"@raider8381:  @Morning_Joe @FoxNews   America wants DONALD TRUMP! \"TV Heads\" still refuse to embrace that reality! Media are LIARS.\"
\"@patty_laughlin: DonaldTrump @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Never thought much of Carl.. Make America Great Again Trump for President 2016\"
\"@DonnySmith557: @karl @Morning_Joe @FoxNews Karl is a total joke!!!! If he didn't have the Bush family and Fox he wouldn't have anything! !
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
\"@idawhannadoyou: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Love it. Wish I could get @OANN I hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting.
\"@GlendaAhrens: @realDonaldTrump @OANN Fantastic winning all the way to WH #Trump2016\"
\"@MichaelCohen212: .@realDonaldTrump @OANN no one is even close to #Trump\"
Myrtle Beach, South Carolina \n#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/JlY5sbumpY
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
\"@PatSheldon10913: @realDonaldTrump had a great time in Myrtle Beach tonight.\"
\"@FoxNews New Hampshire Poll: @realDonaldTrump 'Rules GOP Race in New Hampshire.' Trump 27, Rubio 13, Cruz 11, Bush 9, Carson 9, &amp; Kasich 7\"
Via Politico: \"Trump Extends Lead in New Hampshire Poll\" https://t.co/PaJOAi3rGa
Very nice article from Daily Mail  https://t.co/SIxmYzPXv1
Great New Poll  https://t.co/178k1ERFqT
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.\n  https://t.co/y9fqUUYRnD
\"@KatrinaPierson: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/Aja00L81uf\"  Katrina, great job on @FoxNews last night!
Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016 https://t.co/G7o6b0cfZz
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Thank you @Morning_Joe &amp; @morningmika -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/teauhiQd3i
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
\"@Rmac747:  Keep up the good work, Donald! Hello from Vancouver where the new &amp; amazing Trump Tower and Hotel almost complete!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 https://t.co/f9ujgy3NSk
\"@JoshuaEnglishh: @realDonaldTrump  every single real American needs to read #CrippledAmerica ! Beyond awesome I couldn't be more thrilled\"
\"@peter_smells: @realDonaldTrump Just read #CrippledAmerica! Great book! I haven't felt this enthusiastic about #America since #Reagan\"
\"@LeStudio1: DONALD TRUMP-CRIPPLED AMERICA\nThe new book by @realDonaldTrump is best seller in the making.\"
\"@svn2hd: @realDonaldTrump Crippled AMERICA is a must read. So right. Great job on another best seller.\"
\"@JudgeMoroz: Republicans in Congress can learn a lot from @realDonaldTrump on dealing with Obama! They should read #CrippledAmerica!\"
\"@SJavner: Reading Crippled America ....feeling love for our country first, in it's pages. That's why I stand with TRUMP\"
\"@seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump on sending 50 Special Ops Forces troops to Syria: This country needs to be less predictable.”
\"@DougDWiley: @realDonaldTrump I can't wait to read your new book! We are supporting you here in Boise Idaho!\"
\"@nbcsnl: Shooting promos for #TrumpOnSNL with Cecily and @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/K1JKOgHrhY\"
\"@Mr_Holtzworth: @realDonaldTrump Sarah Palin Defends Donald Trump's Immigration Plan On Fox News https://t.co/IhaCiY07US via @YouTube\"
\"@JulesSiscoe: The Complete @realDonaldTrump Interview: Getting Things Done https://t.co/OTLC2XpFRv via @bpolitics\"
\"@David360NC: @adenunzio We finally have a voice with @realDonaldTrump , Let’s do our part &amp; VOTE IN THE PRIMARY 4 #Trump2016 #TrumpArmy\"
\"@misstozak: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @OANN This says it ALL. TRUMP 2016. https://t.co/gsXFtFNuix\"
\"@TwallMa: @realDonaldTrump. He is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! Excellent book! https://t.co/sMoLTsiSAk\"
\"@norge1956: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/uV345JyDdF\"  Rubio wants Common Core for education.
\"@DJTrump2016: DONALD TRUMP FULL INTERVIEW: Fox and Friends (11-03-15) https://t.co/hvEavMtbac  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016\"
\"@ethansimmons111: @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/d9QlsddCRy\"
Via @MailOnline \"Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top\"-  https://t.co/tfaOARLoZb
\"@jaxsiete: @realDonaldTrump Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)\" @FoxNews
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%! https://t.co/aalSqnGHa3
\"@buckleybro40: @realDonaldTrump @CNBC why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary. https://t.co/lQtpC2rD6I #YUGE #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #\"
\"@Vaporcon2015: @realDonaldTrump The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.
\"@cmrose111: @realDonaldTrump  @CNBC  get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country.\"
\"@mozarttaig1: @CNBC is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!\"
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
\"@1Barbara1: @realDonaldTrump @Morning_Joe @politico I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed.\"
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
\"@MarieLeff: Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000%  National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7% https://t.co/KVgRDHlJH1\"
\"@JayknightJay: @RealBenCarson good morning. Easy on each other &amp; finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out.\"True
\"@HMaewest:  Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: https://t.co/QL6VhkZ8pm https://t.co/wfbcBcsCov\"
\"@Polling: DonaldTrump's and BenCarson's support up since Sept as they head into tomorrow's @CNBC #RepublicanDebate https://t.co/Wx3TY29i3p
\"@BarbaraJensen1: @realDonaldTrump @OANN @GravisMarketing https://t.co/evyzpgIJ1V\"
\"@2bigj: @realDonaldTrump A lot of people I know are voting Trump in NC none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine.\"
\"@laura_damron: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump This Hispanic woman believes Trump has the brains &amp; energy to \"Make America Great Again\".\"
\"@RickSt.  How many MSM outlets will carry a clip of @realDonaldTrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd &amp; listen to the concerns of a VET?
Thank you Iowa! Great night---see you soon! #Trump2016 https://t.co/aCHH90cNRg
\"@fairy_tabibi: Loved seeing @realDonaldTrump speak to the wounded warrior &amp; his family.He has a caring heart and will take care of our vets
Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: https://t.co/QL6VhkZ8pm
Can u believe that Jeb Bush’s campaign manager is in Berlin, Germany looking for money? What’s he giving to Germany? https://t.co/HDdWRBteNe
\"@i_am__tyler  @MichaelCohen212 I can promise you the only reason I watched the democrat's debate is because of @realDonaldTrump\"
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel, D.C. (Old Post Office) https://t.co/wEj6IjyBDK
.@TrumpToronto was just voted the #1 hotel in Canada in Conde Nast Traveler’s prestigious Reader’s Choice Awards\n  https://t.co/Uc9Txu7O8g
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
\"@dcexaminer: Rasmussen: @realDonaldTrump now beats @HillaryClinton 38%-36% nationally https://t.co/NuNulI0Voi https://t.co/1BAPAKad62\"
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
\"@printingsharon: @realDonaldTrump   Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan\"
\"@piersmorgan: Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!
\"@AliceCarozza: @realDonaldTrump You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed.\"
\"@Chocolate3Way: I have never loved a candidate as much as I love @realDonaldTrump, I can't wait for him to make America great again!\" Nice!
\"@ccorreia401: @realDonaldTrump @blewthebigone well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again.\"
\"@EricSjursen: @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @MonicaCrowley  There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician\"
\"@aaron_athman: @realDonaldTrump first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!\"  FANTASTIC!
\"@OUSoonerManiac: We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington,  Iowa tomorrow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  See you there!
\"@blewthebigone: The establishment can try all they want to keep @realDonaldTrump from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!\"
\"@saadvisory: @realDonaldTrump Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!
\"@ansun_sayavong: Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius. #artofwar\"
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
\"@AshlieJuliard: @KarlRove @realDonaldTrump Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about #SomethingSpecialIsHappening\"
\"@btodd539:  @seanhannity Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!\"
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
\"@GirlDayTrader: Our new President will provide something we've never had before. #TRUTH even if it hurts. #Trump https://t.co/lZFolvR38a\"
\"@Portosj81J: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #Trump hits his highest poll number yet; #Carson, #Rubio make small gains https://t.co/1f8dmS2Uza
\"@PatriotByGod: @GSamUSA1 @Carolde @realDonaldTrump Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump\"  I love the VETS.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
CNN Poll just out on South Carolina – great #’s http://t.co/E6do3oi10Z
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
CNN/ORC Poll results just out for Nevada—WOW! Trump 38, Carson 22, Fiorina 8, Bush 6, Cruz 4\n  http://t.co/X2Kv6qzPia
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
We need a strong leader- and fast! https://t.co/UVhbC0JNxD
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
The latest book on Hillary—Wow, a really tough one! http://t.co/ZCoUAutdI8  @RogerJStoneJr
\"@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!\"
\"@PauperInAPinch: @realDonaldTrump Thank goodness #DemDebate is over. Not impressed... TRUMP2016!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@Angie58493041: @sadmexi @realDonaldTrump sucess of Mr Trump is another success of america 2015\"
\"@debateless: @realDonaldTrump I cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #CNNDebate #CNN #Debate #DNC\"
\"@magnifier661: @realDonaldTrump they make Jeb Bush look like the energizer bunny #DemDebate #USADJT2016\"
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
\"@suzyserb: @realDonaldTrump 100,000 people watching tonight for real change. THAT WOULD BE TRUMP 2016. Checking out the clown competition
\"@FrankGuaragna: @realDonaldTrump OMalley destroyed Maryland..  True, he was a disaster.
\"@Cola0531: @realDonaldTrump watching OAN great speech calling out super pacs and media in Norcross, GA\"
\"@mcowgerFL: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for ALWAYS REMEMBERING America's veterans!\"
\"@Jamesppierce: These 5 make @realDonaldTrump look like Winston Churchill #DemDebate\"  Cute!
\"@Jtrink97: @Hell0ThereLydia @realDonaldTrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding\"  Thanks.
\"@ObamaTax: After @hillaryclinton poor performance, waffling in debates, @Teamsters14 should support @realDonaldTrump\"
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
\"@i_am__tyler: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to debate one of these clowns! All are so weak!
\"@keksec_org: The only winner of the #DemDebate is @realDonaldTrump.\"  This is not a great debate - a little sad!
\"@TS01171980: @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump isn't on the stage, turning this garbage off
\"@TimCooperTweets: How amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realDonaldTrump talking about the #DemDebate-more than the debate itself
\"@RealNinjetta: @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle Why did Hillary get to skate past the \"Do Black Lives Matter\"  Anderson let her off hook!
\"@julieruot: I want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realDonaldTrump.\"
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
\"@Achilarre: I couldn't even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realDonaldTrump debated any one of these five jabronis\"
\"@XGDesignsNYC: Yada yada...It's a bore fest... Best part of this is Trumps tweets! @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate\"  Thanks.
\"@mikerichterp: @realDonaldTrump I joined Twitter tonight just to hear Mr.Trump tweet about this silly debate.
\"@Iamnewhere: Webb is trying to be @realDonaldTrump and its not working.\"  He is not doing well!
\"@DNorrell: This is one of the most dysfunctional debates I've seen in my lifetime. @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@NexiaVauxhall: @realDonaldTrump I love that NO group can buy @realDonaldTrump\"
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
\"@Pandorasandy1: @realDonaldTrump we need Donald Trump to make America great again !!!\"   Thanks!
\"@prissyalways: @realDonaldTrump I cannot stop yawning...Twitter is more interesting. #DemDebate\"
\"@FEDEnergy: @NRA @nranews Support the NRA more then ever, @nationalrifle needs to back @realDonaldTrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment!
\"@theericker: @realDonaldTrump not watching debate....just your tweets\"  Nice!
\"@jennasnowy69: @realDonaldTrump why is Webb there??\"
\"@Roolaloo: Joined twitter tonight JUST to follow along with @realDonaldTrump and #DemDebate. Lets make America great again! #trump2016\"
\"@JuliaTock: @realDonaldTrump Sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. Scary!
\"@LaurenDa123: @realDonaldTrump I think @JebBush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage\"
\"@KOsbornSullivan: On our 25th anniversary my husband and I are happily staying in to watch #DemDebate and read @realDonaldTrump comments.
\"@rjdicksii: @realDonaldTrump. These cats are like bad used car salesmen.\"
\"@princeolivier13: Why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! Have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #DemDebate\"
\"@maxxgadog: @LindaSuhler @realDonaldTrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching\"
\"@Jeff_Gabe: I miss @realDonaldTrump #CNNDebate\"
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
\"@tr3s3can: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again!! Would not even watch Dem debate except Donald is tweeting about it!
\"@amd9890: .@realDonaldTrump was right...#DemDebate is boring 😴💤 these ppl are so scripted\"  So far!
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
\"@MichaelTribunel: @realDonaldTrump imagine Chafey standing up to Putin\"
\"@wayway71: @realDonaldTrump Webb is OUT!!\"  Bad opening!  #DemDebate
\"@0Nonsense: @realDonaldTrump Good luck commenting on this snooze fest, I'm out.\"
\"@adamscottnow: @realDonaldTrump,If I have the #DemDebate on CNN, but pay attention more to my phone, does it still count as me watching it?
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
\"@HL3tweets: @TDsVoice @CNN @CNNPolitics I'm watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading Trump's Tweets. Grab the popcorn\"
\"@valmouw: @realDonaldTrump where are you? I'm already getting bored and it hasn't even started #DemDebate\"
\"@sassylassee: My tv is off, twitter is up, waiting for the real show, starring @realDonaldTrump #CNNSocialistDebate\"  #DemDebate
\"@JoethomasSmith: #DemDebate  The @IvankaTrump interview tomorrow on @CNN will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #Trump2016
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
\"@MintzShire: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics We need Trump Now!!!\"  Make America Great Again!
\"@moshe_mkmdca: @realDonaldTrump @007lLisav @CNN @CNNPolitics following Donald is beautiful. If it's not beautiful it's not Donald\" So nice!
\"@hapearce1: @realDonaldTrump they need to take the debate slow, a lot of low energy on the stage tonight.\" I hope not!
\"@StreckerJosh: The Hillary love fest on CNN is ridiculous. I feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones.\"
\"@xai7126: @greta I'd rather see @realDonaldTrump be the debate moderator!\"
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
\"@ElviNichols: Will @CNN be tough as they were with @realDonaldTrump ?  No way, they will want to be soooo nice!
\"@keksec_org: @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you are the best #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"  Thank you so much!
\"@Sandikay60: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Donald Trump, our next president of the United States! #trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@metskins10: @realDonaldTrump @DarrenJJordan @stuartpstevens Pay him, just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide.\"
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@DarrenJJordan: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens And he's still a consultant? For what?\"  Only a fool would pay Stuart for his advice.
\"@3462727: @BretBaier @Norsu2 @realDonaldTrump tired of FOX bashing Trump &amp; pushing GOP establish / Christie/Rubio/Bush\"
\"@sugarofsaturn: @realDonaldTrump @stuartpstevens On the bright side Romney's loss gave us Donald Trump!\"  So true!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
\"@darcy027027: @realclearspam @ElliekeMary  @AnnCoulter @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Don't worry. Trump will put it back when he is Pres !\"
\"@trumpgasm: NEW- 10/6/15 REUTERS IPSOS POLL DONALD TRUMP CONTINUES TO DOMINATE! OVER 37%!! http://t.co/qBsldeV4je http://t.co/GCtpS1WfeQ\"
\"@sharonDay5: The ONLY hope for America to break from the single Party Establishment is to Vote for @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016\"
\"@Foosball38: @realDonaldTrump we need a Real LEADER to LEAD. Let's make America great again! VOTE TRUMP 2016\"
\"@sempek1: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump Trump is talking about highways, huge building projects - not as Steve Hayes said - small fry.\"
\"@ManahawkinMikey: @realDonaldTrump @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN At least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean http://t.co/5tR7cq76mC\"
\"@darcy027027:  @GardiBates @ananavarro @CNN Just In! 10/6/15 Morning Poll Trump +18% Trump 31 Carson 13 Rubio 10 Bush 7 Fiorina 6\"
\"@nedbello: @realDonaldTrump Your Doing GREAT!\"  Thanks.
\"Trump’s Tax Plan: A Proposal Reagan Would Approve?\" by Jeff Bell\n  http://t.co/KmPeSwvslr
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Interesting, polls on who won the GOP debate. http://t.co/iB6NGQsg5v
Wow, so nice! Thank you Wayne Allyn Root. http://t.co/dZuLHDZSoI
Great news! Just out--the highly respected USA Today/Suffolk University Poll. Enjoy! https://t.co/11pDloDTHV
Anyone reading this profile of Marco Rubio would never vote for him. Never made ten cents &amp; is totally controlled!\nhttp://t.co/KA0LvfFJfM
Highly respected economist @Larry_Kudlow is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you Larry. http://t.co/VT8Y7c8PSn
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
\"@kissmeandrocco: @realDonaldTrump who ever thinks Donald trump is a bad person u just don't want a good country\" Thank you.
Just read that \"Trump\" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Wow! What a great night. Thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @StephenAtHome http://t.co/5rq2iMpHx6 @colbertlateshow
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player, he was a great guy. Yogi will be missed. https://t.co/bC9pIOnmEh
Headline reads\" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll\" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
\"@Mark60644:  @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for Trump is because he is anti- politician. #Trump2016\"
I will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy! http://t.co/VDzpYct3Aq
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day \"unscheduled\" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco \"amnesty\" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
A great honor from somebody that knows how to win! https://t.co/syJH9OT0zX
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is \"milking\" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
\"@onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @MarkSteynOnline  No one can imitate Trump. He's one of a kind. I love him more each day. #Trump2016\"  Thanks
\"@skulls2001: We are a Cuban family from Miami Florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in Miami.\" Great.
\"@PMgeezer: Only 15 percent of @GOP voters said they would not back @realDonaldTrump as the party’s standard-bearer. http://t.co/hqt7WXTepm\"
\"@chriscoxb2b: @realDonaldTrump - Donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader.\"
\"@almy23841665: @DlSCORD @realDonaldTrump More Veterans will vote for Trump than you can believe! I can't imagine they wouldn't!
\"@97Musick: @AC360 @CNN The \"sold to lobbyists\" candidates are wasting their money. ON the BORDER and IMMIGRATION, Trump WILL win.\"
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here- http://t.co/hSTaPf0QqO
A letter to @CNN President Jeff Zucker- http://t.co/HKUYv9tFRm
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
\"@americanhowl: While @realDonaldTrump rallies #NoIranDeal tomorrow, @JebBush will call China to ask for donations  http://t.co/dCoGJYF6fU\"
\"@christa_dorsett: @realDonaldTrump we want Trump! America needs him desperately!
\"@Chris0u24: @realDonaldTrump I've just lost hope Mr Trump. Hope you put America back the way it was\"
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
Tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/HuffPost Pollster #GOP http://t.co/slsvuxcEhF
2016 GOP Nomination Polls have me as #1 as seen on @SpecialReport with @BretBaier. http://t.co/iZZg1N8Mwu
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
A terrible deal with Iran! https://t.co/dHDFOG3tfp
\"@DRUDGE_REPORT: MEGYN KELLY TOP OF CABLE NEWS... http://t.co/ExfY7Q6C73\" Megyn, say \"thank you Donald!\" @FoxNews also should say \"thanks!\"
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
\"@ywu510: #TrumpOnCNN revealed character and spirit. Even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly, @realDonaldTrump spoke from heart.
\"@sparkey03: @realDonaldTrump Go #Trump2016\"
\"@LBabcock2:  @oreillyfactor @FoxNews I have always wondered why Fox kept Rove on after his disastrous election predictions.\" He is a joke!
\"@gulfportedd: @realDonaldTrump Jeb bush couldn't shine MR trumps shoes...give me a break. Bushes are so over...\"
\"@Patrick0215: @Thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @FoxNews @KarlRove Rove is suffering from @JebBush defeatism. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
\"@TheKrankyGirl: @realDonaldTrump Keep the momentum going! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@RoniSeale: BIG LEADS FOR THE PEOPLE'S POTUS #2016GOPNOMINATION #TRUMP2016 #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAI  http://t.co/it7papSmwv\"   Great!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Thank you Christian Broadcasting Network  @TheBrodyFile @CBNNews http://t.co/FWPGgISlu8
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
My official #MakeAmericaGreatAgain hat is now available online. To shop please visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 -- it is selling fast!
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
\"@Maxinerunner: @MarkSteynOnline loved you on #Hannity speaking truth @realDonaldTrump has awakened Patriots all over this Great Country.
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
\"@DavidHerjavec @realDonaldTrump completely right on China...just watch the news #GoTrump\"
Our online campaign store is officially open! Visit http://t.co/3zYiIYWs87 to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
\"AmyMek  Amen! @realDonaldTrump has drawn more attention to Veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!\"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! https://t.co/LO14es9CLp
Poll: Trump Leads GOP Field Among Hispanics, Records 34% Favorability  http://t.co/AANybghvCv
\"@JoeDurak If Jeb is the nominee Hillary is our next president.\"
\"@tweet2u2 #Trump only attacks those that attack him first. He's not going to be abused by a  #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot\"
\"@iuhoops2015 @realDonaldTrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. Not a right. Make America great again! \"
\"@ToTheTanr @realDonaldTrump You are the closest thing to Teddy Roosevelt. Tough as hell, and speaks his damn mind. And NEVER BS's\"
Thank you. https://t.co/uA1LZ0EoAo
\"@breadman28 @realDonaldTrump  make America great again. We're running out of time!\"
Thanks.  https://t.co/6G7hVhrtiY
\"@InsureRetire @realDonaldTrump @Gawker best response ever!  Give Trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit.\"
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
\"@cookingdoll: @realDonaldTrump Yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. Stop the invasion.
\"@Keeganbcall: @realDonaldTrump I support you because I know you are person who gets things done right. This nation needs someone like that.
\"@LaneLynmil: @realDonaldTrump I have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and I believe I finally have one. Go Donald.\" Thanks.
\"@SeaBeeVietN: Go Donald...Nowhere in the Constitution does it say that our President must be a lawyer/politician. Our founders weren't.\"
\"@DBottenhagen: @realDonaldTrump the United states needs Donald Trump, go Don\"
\"@Mike_Beacham: Trump Leads, Jeb Slips, Rubio Crashes In WSJ/NBC News Poll http://t.co/ZR3PvOAARe #StraightTalk @SenTedCruz #ccot #tcot #2A\"
Thank you. https://t.co/oRATmdIzqE
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!\n  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
Via @SaintPetersblog by @MitchEPerry: “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida” http://t.co/49IAe1Nlm7
\"@JereeGeeStavich @realDonaldTrump You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow.\"
This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  http://t.co/vKz8a0ICGs
\"@TomNocera @DanScavino @dallasmavs @mcuban  Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner.\"
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
\"@jan102345678: @realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
\"@AnnCoulter: .DonaldTrump leads w/ Hispanics. Christie, who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. http://t.co/CGqNnUtwQg\"
Via @CBNNews by @TheBrodyFile: \"Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban\" http://t.co/xPHdH74OXf
It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI6aIvG
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
“Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” http://t.co/jpqYBBN6gx via @washtimes by @dsherfinski
Via @ BreitbartNews by @BobPriceBBTX: “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER” http://t.co/xcxP1l8S5E
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
.@GovernorPerry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite! https://t.co/axPAVsLEqx
True, thanks. https://t.co/xqlRporCwT
\"@BAM4AU @CNN @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC keep punching, Donald!  Trump it!!  Trump is telling the truth!\"
\"@HalangManok: Will be the the Leader that everyone wants! Cant be sold and speaks the truth! Everyone run! https://t.co/dcVP0kehG3\"
\"@PJAliveguy: No matter what @realDonaldTrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. Time for something that works!
\"@Chr:DonaldTrump reminds me of Reagan his first time.Everyone was like \"is he for real\" Yup! Libs hate him and make fun of him. IM ON BOARD
\"@drewcarter49: @realDonaldTrump @PrestonsDayOff @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor Donald Trump is the new Ronald Reagan!\"  Thank you.
\"@Forrestben94: I don't care what people say, I love @realDonaldTrump confidence\"
\"@waite_lane:If you don't want Trump as president, then you don't want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
\"@PrestonsDayOff: @Montel_Williams @oreillyfactor  Mr. Trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians
\"@jimlibertarian: @NBCNewYork  In God we trust and in Donald we trust, Donald will make America second to none in every aspect known to man!
\"@PValk16: Many are missing the point, the US needs @realDonaldTrump to get things done. Instead they focus on sensation and media.
\"@MeOnAJourney: @realDonaldTrump @Billd111 @seanhannity Trump is the Alpha of the #GOP candidates, the rest are betas! #Trump2016\"
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
\"@insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner Murdoch we are turning Fox off if he keeps belittling @realDonaldTrump. No Fox!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
\"@UncleLouie Clearly Trump gets social media. His tweets are everywhere &amp; no sugar coating, he keeps it real. Wish all candidates did that\"
\"@ReevesMH  it's been a long time since I've been excited about a candidate. How refreshing to have a bold voice. Go Trump!\"
Thank you Piers. https://t.co/uH6h74qShv
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
\".@PolitiTrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on Twitter with 79352 mentions today (via http://t.co/nexlCVB8ml )\"
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
\"@AnnCoulter: AMAZING press conference by @realDonaldTrump w/ parents of kids killed by illegals.
\"@ben_techpro: It's way worse than we know.Just read @AnnCoulter #AdiosAmerica-be educated!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/atRmfrr6lZ\"
\"@AnnCoulter:  I think DonaldTrump has struck a cord! 30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP http://t.co/0QNLGESdju\"
\"@AProudRebel: @realDonaldTrump HIGH NUMBERS SHOW DONALD TRUMP IS BEATING HIS RIVALS IN THE POLLS, GO TRUMP, TRUMP NATION.\"
Via @DailyCaller by @samsondunn: “Pastor To Hispanic Congregation Speaks Out On Trump Immigrant Crime Statement” http://t.co/rfWcQ7wcjf
Via @mrctv by Ben Graham: \"Border Reports Back Up Trump's 'Rapists' Claim\" http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
Thank you @BrentBozell --- As you know I have been saying this for a long time http://t.co/4UcpdSS8qK
\"@greta just read @realDonaldTrump going to Phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on Saturday\" That is correct. I look forward to it
Via @businessinsider by @hunterw: “TRUMP UNLOADS: Hillary Clinton was 'the worst' and is 'extremely bad'” http://t.co/lPGSlczakP
\"@CaseyBierer America needs to hear the truth. Keep it up, Mr. Trump. You can help us make America great again. Never give up.\"
\"@CrystalPrebola @realDonaldTrump @MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @mj_lee @Macys Me too. No more shopping at Macy's.\"
\"@jimlibertarian @ronsirak @GolfChannel Donald our forefathers would be proud of you, you are displaying A love of country like Reagan did\"
Via @Ammoland by Fredy Riehl: “Donald Trump Talks: Gun Control, Assault Weapons, Gun Free Zones &amp; Self Defense” http://t.co/eLAVFVs6Zm
\"@MARCMODE @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump @mj_lee now I know where not to watch or shop @Macys account closed\"
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
\"@MilitaryRosary @Scully64  @KarlRove @GOP most people like Trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought.\"
\"@KelliKM  @realDonaldTrump stay strong D.  The last thing America needs is the same old politician.\"
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
Via @Newsmax_Media by @ChrisRuddyNMX: \"Donald Trump and the End of Free Speech\" http://t.co/XU36opl7ZL
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees- https://t.co/OcKfUFgSPU
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy. https://t.co/J9bsbc1WEN
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
\"@phxladydi  @realDonaldTrump I truly believe you can bring America back to great.  You don't cower\nto the media, lobbyists or anyone else.\"
\"@tixxannatrix @Lrihendry: Now this is the @RealDonaldTrump we have come to know  At least Trump speaks his mind. Doesn't cower to PC.\"
.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
My recent statement re: @macys -- We must have strong borders &amp; stop illegal immigration now!… https://t.co/HLCboRmTbl
\"@_laurenharding: @realDonaldTrump not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016\"  Cute.
\"@adeeasthope: @realDonaldTrump I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016\" Great.
\"@LionsTrinityCap: @realDonaldTrump UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.
\"@MarkAGiarrusso: @realDonaldTrump Go get 'em Donald.\"
\"@barbgee68: @realDonaldTrump Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?\"  NO!
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of @Neilyoung in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite. http://t.co/Xm4BJvetIa
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Thank you.  https://t.co/H8ZxLh6NCd
\"@tryeye @realDonaldTrump Very strong start, Mr. President!\" Thanks.
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
Speaking at the Red, White and Blue Dinner in Maryland- https://t.co/TzuXN715fQ
Speaking to great patriots @MCC_CT. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN https://t.co/HfdDwzjOf0
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/qTMiYoR9wu
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://t.co/Y5Wq9LuCT0
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Thank you Sarah--Let's have pizza in New York soon with you &amp; your great family https://t.co/SQ6LsNZ6UC
\"@Gabigayle @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump He doesnt need anyone's money and can speak the truth because of it!  Go Donald!\"
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Via @TheTodaysGolfer “@TrumpScotland gets new clubhouse” http://t.co/lEWIE55RMO
\"@123Jayne: @realDonaldTrump I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!\"
\"@Alex_WJ_Milne: @realDonaldTrump looking forward to seeing you there in the Tar Heel State! #Trump2016\"
“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
Bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the American dream. It’s time for a bold new direction! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Via @CarrGaz: “Trump to jet in to unveil Trump @TurnberryBuzz clubhouse” http://t.co/sEM5NaysV7
Looking forward to visiting Mason City, Iowa, tomorrow. Will be my 8th day in the Hawkeye State this year! http://t.co/II29WqZ7WH
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
\"@vilmawolfe03 @realDonaldTrump @davevin73 #you get my #VOTE for President of the Unites States of America! 🏻\"
\"@MJosephSheppard: \"Sound The Trumpets For A \"Trump 2016\" Presidential Run\" Hear what he has to say @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/IbAcdzd7Pg\"
\"@SebuFrick: After watching 2h Trump interviews, I came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #Trump2016 #?\"
\"@mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf Interview @realDonaldTrump during Jim Kelly Shootout.. https://t.co/h2Jgjc3RIZ\"
\"@Tradingforex24: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. Donald Trump 03.06 07:45\"
\"@BinkyBoo415: @realDonaldTrump must run &amp; must win! #2016\"
Good advice from my mother: \n\"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\" -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: \"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\" --  Fred C. Trump
“@jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @TrumpFerryPoint”\n  http://t.co/VmcJZAO065 via @nypost by @NYPost_Willis
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
\"@danscire @realDonaldTrump Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!\"  Thanks. Enjoy!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.\n -- Jack Nicklaus
On 800 pristine Miami acres, @TrumpDoral boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining &amp; championship golf http://t.co/E2BnVQeO0M
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: \"Practice puts brains in your muscles!\" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
\"@ashbakali: \"Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure.\" Donald Trump\"
\"@BlueWaterDays: Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump\"
\"@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #ARealLeader #USA And God Bless our Troops! #Navy #Army #Marines #CoastGuard\" Thanks.
\"@2014_vince: @njm4250 That means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....Trump uses,controls china.never loses\"
\"@Mitnasty33: @realDonaldTrump \"Politicians and diapers must be changed often, and for the same reason.\" - Mark Twain\"  So true.
\"@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess\" Wow, it can be done!
\"@VMilaccio: Jack Nicklaus elated at official grand opening of Ferry Point via @NYPost Congrats @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/F34LwrQEJS\"
\"@BabyFuzz1969: I want to see YOU represent, we, the people who want our country back. You will be the shining star at August 4th debate!\"
\"@nitya_lal: @realDonaldTrump You should be president! I believe in you #Trump2016\"  Thanks.
\"@alexx4111: @realDonaldTrump I don't even live in the States, but I would still vote for you. Trump4President\"
\"@VinceFox73: DonaldTrump @DNorrell @Judgenap @freedomlives999 Which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done.\"
\"@JeniferStevens: @TrumpFerryPoint No one builds a golf course better than you. Played Trump Ireland and Scotland as well as US\" Thanks Jen!
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
\"@bfree3423: @TrumpFerryPoint honored to be at the Grand Opening Ceremony of Trump National Ferry Point today  http://t.co/3OkinZBggi\"
\"@DNorrell: @Judgenap @freedomlives999 DonaldTrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. All the rest all talk
\"@davevin73: @realDonaldTrump You should be president, I signed up for Twitter just to tell you this. A lot of Americans feel the same way\"
\"@2014_vince: I am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries PAY for help..you INSPIRE...\"
\"@papaouch: @TomEvans1972 @realDonaldTrump Iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out...\"
\"@saves_umoney: @IvankaTrump @SandraSmithFox @TrumpFerryPoint @FoxBusiness   Great interview Sandra. Ivanka kicks butt and takes names\"
\"@2014_vince: @realDonaldTrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice\"
\"@pepsidaisy: @realDonaldTrump It's almost June &amp; time for the big announcement!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@caholcom53: @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter #trump2016 #MakingAmericaGreatAgain\"
\"@TrumpFerryPoint: Two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #GrandOpening DonaldTrump @jacknicklaus http://t.co/R1AVPqho5a\"
\"@therealtommydel:1 &amp; only POTUS candidate 2 support Tom Brady deserves the White House. Clear judgment &amp; common sense for USA ! #FreeBrady\"
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Our country has tremendous potential. Together, we can fix Washington. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
My @TheBrodyFile int. discussing the persecution of Christians in the Middle East &amp; Religious Liberty &amp; Freedom http://t.co/NDOhUQwIRi
My @TheBrodyFile int. from Iowa on how I would build a wall to secure our Southern Border &amp; deduct costs from Mexico http://t.co/G0m5cYcCgk
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
Via @zpolitics: “Donald Trump Sends Message to @GaRepublicans” http://t.co/nJ05V6RD0J
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point is a Jack Nicklaus Signature Design 18 hole course, just minutes from Manhattan http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook NY today- http://t.co/vLVsxBPGdS
\"@DoomsdayFAN  @realDonaldTrump Will make America as successful as his empire! WE NEED TRUMP!\"
\"@iamgavinjame To make America great again we must #THINKBIG &amp; understand that it's #TimeToGetTough on China! @realDonaldTrump will do that!
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
\"@GirlCant_helpit: @realDonaldTrump run for President. You'd have my vote https://t.co/JbRjAQu0PI\"
\"@Mrs_Batie:  @VeryOddDog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended\"
\"@DoomsdayFAN: @realDonaldTrump President Trump ... has a nice ring to it. Trump2016\"  Thank you.
\"@AerielleS: @realDonaldTrump is the key to success.\"  Thanks.
\"@movieloverjohn: @realDonaldTrump its time 2 run 4 president &amp; #trumpthecompetition\"
\"@TexasArmyMom18: Ready for your interview on #KellyFile  @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential\"
\"@sanksharma: @realDonaldTrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #TrumpForPresident #NeverGiveUp.  https://t.co/HBx1J7ESUG\"
WOW, SO NICE AND SO TRUE. THANK YOU! \"@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump #TRUMP2016 TIME TO RETHINK THE CHOICES http://t.co/TdMlFuOFjI\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: VOTE @Realdonaldtrump FOR POTUS SO HE CAN STOP ALL THESE FAKE-ASS POLITICIANS!
A MUST WATCH - TRULY BEAUTIFUL! \"@PrivateCaddie: Amazing Turnberry Ailsa course changes from @realDonaldTrump #Golf https://t.co/kKoBOzWIwv\"
\"@marinacitynews: Trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces  @buildordie_com - http://t.co/CENXXZeYgo http://t.co/fqcmUejXFe\"
\"@greenhousegrown: @realDonaldTrump @DRODELL76 Your my only hope, if you bow out then I am not voting for anyone else!!!\" Keep the faith!
\"@traapgawddd: @realDonaldTrump kick Obamas ass and run for president already.\"
\"@DRODELL76: Have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realDonaldTrump will get my vote! #trump4president\"
\"@Tendraftsdeep: @realDonaldTrump get it on and get this nation back. Kick ass\"
\"@bijobijo: @realDonaldTrump run for president, clear cut, stop the nonsense of current fools.\"
\"@BowersAllyson: @realDonaldTrump @DoleFoundation #HiddenHeroes #alleras http://t.co/C6npFfEpM1\"  Great champions!
\"@TBI_ArmyWife: Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #HiddenHeroes. Proud to be a Texas Fellow @DoleFoundation\"
\"@jsilva74366572: @realDonaldTrump cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again\"
\"@IslesFan83: @realDonaldTrump I hope you run. America needs it badly.\"
\"@TimJonesCFA: 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money https://t.co/17KAUtS8NB @realDonaldTrump 4prez
\"@Crackmacs: @Brangwyn @inducedcoma I'm still expecting @realDonaldTrump to swoop in and save the day\"  Stay tuned.
\"@brianjames75: My prediction: @realDonaldTrump will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th. #Symbolism #Patriotic #GoBig\"
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Needed: Leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.Only one knows The Art of The Deal. Let’s Make America Great Again! https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
\"Donald Trump trademarked Reagan slogan &amp; would like to stop other Republicans from using it\" http://t.co/hAPdiolDbU via @businessinsider
Via @swan_investor by @Forbes: “The Trump Card: Make America Great Again” http://t.co/kWvbk5HtDr
\"@ajbruno14 Thanks, Old Post Office is hidden treasure, worth the time to visit!\"  It will be fantastic!
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
\"@mark_esque: @bobby2700 @realDonaldTrump Good point. We just really need your help Donald!\"
\"@BiffDiddle: .@realDonaldTrump This is why we need a real leader in the White House. #Trump2016\"
\"@JoeTorre: #HappyBirthdayYogiBerra! http://t.co/MjqKRRUxPo\"
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
\"@James_Taylor78: @realDonaldTrump You'd have my vote!\"  Great.
\"@Jaybags9: Enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realDonaldTrump 's hotel @TrumpDoral #ImprovedSinceLastYear #Lovely\"
\"@Stann1s: @realDonaldTrump Wish you were president of the United States would be the greatest time to be living brother.
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
\"@Moseph81: “@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's beach mansion is the biggest thing I've ever seen 😳 http://t.co/SZUazUdyTk”\" Another great deal!
\"@TOLEDOSNOW: You should run for president Mr. Trump! You're a great man and I would love to see what you could do for the United States!\"
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
#TrumpAdvice https://t.co/Fox2rHNxHa
Via @DailyCaller by @AlexPappas: “Donald Trump To Blast Obama Trade Pact In Radio Ads: ‘A Bad, Bad Deal’” http://t.co/K5dG5hCBuO.
Via HT Politics http://t.co/W95amBywic
\"@AyrshireChamber: We got a look round the work being done at @TurnberryBuzz Looking great! #Ayrshire #Wellconnected http://t.co/7dVRFRTAkR\"
\"@ShalontaBowman: Without a doubt, donaldtrump is the most logical choice for President. You'd be the only competent candidate. We need you!
\"@PaleoBuilder: After I complete reading @Schwarzenegger autobiography I will read your book; Trump Never Give Up. You're an inspiration !\"
\"@atmaxh: Please run @realDonaldTrump! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!\"  Very true.
\"@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man &amp; RUN.\"
\"@michaelhenry123: .@KatiePavlich is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage.\" No idea who she is, sounds dumb!
\"@NickDallman: @realDonaldTrump You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!\"
\"@kristofer_clark: @realDonaldTrump Get into office and tell CONgress \"You're fired!\" #trump2016 #timeforPROgress\"
\"@theJoannaRyan: @realDonaldTrump a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well &amp; will represent us well. U will win.\" Thanks.
\"@zrill: @realDonaldTrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run? #Trump2016\"  Watch.
\"@DeanPreston76: Time for you to tell @BarackObama 'You're fired!'. #TrumpForPresident2016 We need someone who loves America in office!\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do! #fixtheUSA\"
\"@cjwthefishermen: @realDonaldTrump \"I will.\"\"
\"@DavidNYCT: @realDonaldTrump We will!\"
\"@tegodreaux: You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !\"
\"@baberuth99: We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do.\"
\"@johnborntoride: @realDonaldTrump got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians\"
\"@VandaMan86: You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!#trump2016\"
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
\"@ShalontaBowman: @realdonaldtrump You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.
\"@FlyOSUBuckeye1:Really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @Ford building more factories in Mexico! #EatingOurLunch http://t.co/bGcmnwI7f8
\"@velvet2708: @realDonaldTrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man\" True.
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
\"@RKornackiPSU: @realDonaldTrump See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!\" Great.
\"@Draper33Paul: @realDonaldTrump I agree\"
\"@WWlood13: @realDonaldTrump for president!! Run and you got my vote.\"
\"@ValetaSue57: @realDonaldTrump DT please get in the race for President\"
\"@kristinkgl: @megynkelly At this point I'm voting for Trump! @realDonaldTrump\" Very smart!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
Incredible handheld video of the Las Vegas Strip in 1969. The skyline looks better with @TrumpLasVegas!  http://t.co/ocSyTc4q2v
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
Met a big fan today! https://t.co/Gd3lroPnCr
\"@RutNastiti: Meet your #1 fan from Waverly, IA: Shay Doyle.He looks up to you &amp; hopes to be the next Trump https://t.co/FZysqO594C\"
\"@RichardIrace  @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Great property!  We had an amazing conference here last week!\" Thanks.
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
\"@MLawts12: If @realDonaldTrump doesn't run in 2016 the country is screwed\" I agree!
\"@LynusCantwell: The world is laughing. Obama is a joke. No Hillary the sequel. Run Donald please. We need no nonsense leadership.\"
\"@jtruelove713: If @realDonaldTrump runs for President I will VOTE for the First time ever. Until then...........\"
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again https://t.co/u25yI5T7E8
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
\"@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!\"
\"@RDVarley: @realDonaldTrump @BretBaier congratulations. You area true patriot!\"
\"@ellemae63: @realDonaldTrump no surprise! You are the man!\" Thank you!
\"@Bane1349: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up.\"
\"@warrencasselljr: Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump 2016 will be interesting.\"  WATCH ALL! @BretBaier
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
\"@rwerhle: @JonahNRO @realDonaldTrump @NRO He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!
Via @KingwoodNews by @JayRJordan:: “@TXPatriotsPAC gives public a chance to hear Trump speak” http://t.co/IF3kPB8IlM
Via @GolfMonthly by @jake0reilly: “Trump to build five new holes at @TurnberryBuzz”\n  http://t.co/sDYF7yy5kF
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain http://t.co/vCuixB5TnC
Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!  http://t.co/2oRfNj1wPk
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
\"@hillarysusans: Getting ready for next week with @realDonaldTrump on Monday. @NHGOP @FoxNews\"
\"@thehill: Trump: “If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again\" http://t.co/Jmuv3xe5nI #FITN http://t.co/OVNVNoW7tT\"
\"@rickyricardo722: @realDonaldTrump I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016\"
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
\"@AndrewWilkie85: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!\"
\"@y2ej72: @realDonaldTrump #VOTEFORTRUMP\"
\"@WSGbeme: @realDonaldTrump I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction. #Trump2016\"
\"@SteveSGoddard: @smxtty_ It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,\"
\"@Mr_president706: @realDonaldTrump please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done.\"
\"@sam_tucker17: You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!\"
\"@Olivianuzzi: @realDonaldTrump you are amazing\"
\"@JohnMarkowitz: @realDonaldTrump you are damn good\"
\"@faktmeister: U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!\"
\"@themightylayman: Dear @realDonaldTrump: You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.
\"@scapesrus: @realDonaldTrump @smxtty_ U would make a damn good one\"
\"@smxtty_: Donald trump would be the greatest president\" Thank you.
\"@QueenBarbie69: @realDonaldTrump. I believe in you. Go for it.\"
\"@JosephSchleider: @realDonaldTrump good interview on Fox News Radio. You are my preferred candidate for the USA presidency @AlanColmes
\"@isellbesthomes: @realDonaldTrump we need you to run for President, and fix these problems, you can do this!!\"
\"@NeilECollins: @realDonaldTrump If you run in 2016 how can we be of help.\"
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Via @postandcourier by @skropf47: “Donald Trump: Don’t politicize Walter Scott shooting” http://t.co/DC4ERaL5Y0
Part 1 of my @SpecialReport int. with @BretBaier discussing why I am strongly considering running for President http://t.co/Zeazq1leLs
Via @kcautv: “Donald Trump Coming to Sioux City in May” http://t.co/UpURDegT8H
Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
\"@ericschiffer  A talented family led by the best. http://t.co/dd5Kg6zk3H   @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @IvankaTrump\" Thanks Eric, so nice.
\"@Thutchy5 @realDonaldTrump Politicians talk the talk, but this man walks the walk. #Trump2016\"
\"@topsurveys   @realDonaldTrump @MarianoRivera @EricTrump such a class act..I adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio\"
The great @MarianoRivera in my office with my son @EricTrump- http://t.co/kEpL3e4DU9
\"@daytonkreb @realDonaldTrump  Come on Donald, #America needs you  #CaptainAmerica #Trump2016\"
\"@m__a__w   @realDonaldTrump From my #european point of view,#USA needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #Trump2016\"
\"@WingsUnchained:  @RealDonaldTrump is not a professional liar like politicians. I was watching Cruz, but Donald also has my attention now.\"
\"@MichaelEntrekin: @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP best day ever? I'd say yes. #Trump2016 http://t.co/6NFWX0iwpA\"
\"@LikeWhoa134: I just hope @realDonaldTrump is our next president\"  Make America great again!
\"@MrMet41: @bonn66 @realDonaldTrump @rosannascotto #MrTrump isn't my guy, he is America's guy ! #Trump2016\" So nice, thanks!
\"@BWANAWOMAN: @kwrcrow @realDonaldTrump IKR. He b slumming it big time! White House will need lots of upgrades. Just like our country.
\"@AnjiRabadi: @TrumpChicago I'll be staying here next weekend! Can't wait! @realDonaldTrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait
\"@pare900: @HAJMAJA @realDonaldTrump Trump wants low taxes, strong defense and jobs . Trump is good at creating jobs.
\"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier @realDonaldTrump His biggest asset is that he isn't a professional liar like the rest of them.\"
\"@jeffreykid44: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfLA u rock Don\"
\"@dashing1995: You've said Mexico is not a friend. I agree. USA faces Mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you.\"
\"@hdrenovate: @realDonaldTrump D.T. for president! !!\"
\"@ElizaWindso: @BretBaier DonaldTrump   Only one who ever took on the MacDaddy. Looks like only one to fight Hillary. Even in her own party
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders https://t.co/ARzEb16mog
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
\"@ColemanG81: I can't wait for DonaldTrump to become president and finally put the US back on top as the worlds greatest country! #Trump2016
\"@MyView001: @realDonaldTrump U sure could do a lot for the country!\"
\"@mccoykellen: I would 100% recommend everyone watch all of @realDonaldTrump vines.\"
\"@Finenco: Rand Paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. Heard it before @TexasGOP @nytimes We need flat tax #Vote 4 DonaldTrump
\"@sxeymoney: @realDonaldTrump for president.\"
\"@Brain__Quotes: Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. -Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Brain__Quotes: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal. Be tough. @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@gegco: @seanhannity Great interview with @RandPaul It will b interesting 2 c if @realDonaldTrump runs.If so I hope u get 2 interview him.\"
\"@ckottlarock: @realDonaldTrump #trump4prez\"
\"@Amit_D_R: @realDonaldTrump @4kmiddlebrook I'm sure the American voters will say, \"Mr Trump you are hired!\"\"
\"@Luismamh11: DonaldTrump “Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
\"@JanineGreenberg: Meeting Trump @realDonaldTrump #TrumpTennis #woohoo http://t.co/Zk2iVTGK3C\"
\"@SportsTalkCSN: TONIGHT at 10 on CSN:@CHICKatCSN + @BmitchliveCSN talk with T to discuss his new project in Virginia http://t.co/UXE7MaRiZi
\"@xwellLudwig: .@realDonaldTrump We need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #Trump2016 #Teens4Trump\"
\"@4kmiddlebrook: @realDonaldTrump is ahead of Most Republican candidates and he hasn't even warmed up yet. America Needs #Trump2016 !\"Thanks
\"@kyleRok: Amazing! Trump tennis facility in Loudoun County is gorgeous!! Anything this man does, he does it right. http://t.co/Df2h92l4a3\"
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Must read via @FoxNews by @JaySekulow: “Mr. President: Will you bring home American pastor imprisoned in Iran?” http://t.co/d9JLgqPxds
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
Washington needs common sense conservative solutions. Let’s make America great again! http://t.co/jEgR6jSQ5J
Via @UnionLeader  by  @tuohy: “Trump: You're Hired” http://t.co/Cgx4EO3afj
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: Kerry Has to Walk If Iran Doesn't Make Deal” http://t.co/EUgOIXNC0M
Via @rcpvideo: “Donald Trump on Who He Likes For President: Donald Trump” http://t.co/DNwlV3TjYn
\"@ronsonlocke @realDonaldTrump I passed your Aberdeen Golf Course, looks amazing!\" Thanks!
The townhall question segment of my @WMUR9 Commitment 2016 Conversation @JoshMcElveen http://t.co/FZrWwW5D2l Great questions/people #FITN
\"@DanMilosevich @EricTrump @TrumpFerryPoint  Impressive - just as Trumps would be as first family. I hope your Dad runs 4 Prez, we need him\"
One of the greatest tributes to a father I have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son http://t.co/uka2F9vTPL
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran. https://t.co/lSlBGoX6UH
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
\"@19thWheel: @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Thank you for having #Trump on!! Want to see him educate reps on #Economy !!\"
\"@19thWheel:  Heard your interview on SiriusXM Radio from FoxNews. I was thinking Scott Walker but now going Trump card all the way.\"
\"@CodiHart: @realDonaldTrump Saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. Go Trump!\"
\"@FlyOSUBuckeye1: RUN Mr Trump! Run! #oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump I doubt Sec Kerry EVER read \"Art Of The Deal\"\"
\"@Josh_Millard16: I'm loving everything DonaldTrump has been saying about the Iranian Nuclear deal, China, Mexico, and the border.Please run
\"@Will1957:  MR. TRUMP. THIS NATION NEEDS YOU NOW MORE THAN EVER. I ENCOURAGE YOU TO RUN FOR POTUS. YOUR IMPACT IS A GAME CHANGER.\"
\"@Cigartainer: @realDonaldTrump best I've seen you / o'reilly. U bring a lot to the table &amp; r a true citizen.\"
\"@devin199722:  Just watched you on @oreillyfactor Want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first President I Vote for!!!\"
\"@MichelleMeyer10: Donald, USA must NEVER allow Iran to make their chants \"death to America\" a reality
\"@LauraMontaguxox: @realDonaldTrump You would be a good president! Your a great businessman and care about our country!\" Thanks.
\"@cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor @realDonaldTrump Get in there and straighten this country out! 🇺🇸\"
\"@ChrisBiedermann: Building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. Support Donald Trump. He can make this happen.\"
\"@tr123xyz: @realDonaldTrump Excellent appearance on O'Reilly Factor tonight. \"The smart guy\" is what this country needs.\"
\"@Teeroyd: Saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head, bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing Im a gay republican, ANNOUNCE!\"
\"@bridgetmarie89:  \"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor \"The Smart Guy\" I love that slogan!\"\" Trumps Smart Guy approach #inspired me\"
\"@nikkio:  Good interview on O'Reilly - Many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over USA companies.\"
\"@pinkdaisey22: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor great job both of you! Donald you have my vote!\"
\"@hitemhard_42: @realDonaldTrump is not a #politician. Perfect. Build back a great #America, Say what u mean &amp; Get it done. #RealBusinessMan
\"@Party__2016: @realDonaldTrump MR TRUMP......HOPE WE CAN CALL YOU MR. PRESIDENT SOON!!!!!\" Thanks.
\"@wnapier99: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on O'Reilly tonight!\"
\"@sailor7: @rebeccagberg - I am ready to work for the GOP - I want to back @realDonaldTrump - he is a Patriot\"
\"@user9888: Money was never a big motivation for me,except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. @realDonaldTrump
\"@wingchungun: 👉Trump👈 would have Iran not only dismantling their Nuke program but would be paying the US to help! ... &amp; in ONE day!!!
\"@msft9: @realDonaldTrump @RichRichie725 good job on O'Reilly tonight!\"
\"@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump That's why we need tough, smart leaders like you in the White House instead of this pushover Obama!\"
\"@anniekineavy: @realDonaldTrump for president !! #thesmartguy\"
\"@FakeSkiTeam: @realDonaldTrump This Obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! Please run for President Donald!\"
\"@marino_joanna: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with Iran.\"
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
\"@RichRichie725: @realDonaldTrump You can't make a BAD Deal GOOD\"
\"@EdRoc72: @realDonaldTrump will bring #America back. Our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #STRONG #LEADER like Donald Trump. #Elect2016\"
\"@katmur23: Run @realDonaldTrump Run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor\"
\"@doehillmeme: I'm with you, @realDonaldTrump!!\"
\"@agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v @realDonaldTrump Bill you're out of your league. Don knows what he's saying\"
\"@Chris_R_2014: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor - We need Trump as President!\"
\"@J_SAB_: @realDonaldTrump for president !\"
\"@trhdesign55: Great interview @realDonaldTrump on @oreillyfactor !!! Throw your hat in the ring !!!\"
\"@foxesbA: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor \"The Smart Guy\" I love that slogan!\"
\"@oledudstillgoin: @realDonaldTrump Trump 4 President 2016....count on my vote!\"
\"@MichaelTMorgan1: @oreillyfactor Trump is RIGHT: we are dealing with zealots, animals and amateurs... WAKE UP. No deal, Walk and walk fast\"
\"@StoneBreakerII: I would most definitely vote for Trump for president!! He would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor\"
\"@STL_Blonde: I love you @realDonaldTrump, you're an American original. Don't ever change. #oreillyfactor\" Thank you.
\"@christianlasval: \"What's happening to us is not a question of tough,it's a question of smart.\" Hurry and run already, we need to get smart
\"@southsalem: I'd vote for @realDonaldTrump b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor\"
\"@kicknback123: @realDonaldTrump is a master negotiator. Obama can't even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor\"
\"@jesseaazar: @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor Start To Save America, PRES. TRUMP!\"
\"@MarianoQCasilum: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN AND RUN. PLEASE HELP US LIBERATE AMERICA FROM oBAMA'S MALADIES!\"
\"@JohnA553: @realDonaldTrump Don you have to run\"
\"@GWONDER6: First election I can vote in... I want @realDonaldTrump to run for president.\"
\"@Beyon: @oreillyfactor You know... DonaldTrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. Maybe he is our modern day Patton?\"
\"@williamgardanis: @realDonaldTrump The BEST President in the history of the United States DONALD J TRUMP\"
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
Via @FoxNews: “Trump: Politicians are all talk no action; I'm the opposite” http://t.co/xEZDajloOF
“Donald Trump launches new men's fragrance-- \"Empire\" -- @Macys \"Because every man has his own empire to build'” http://t.co/LBk4XIr1FO
\"@BrendanMalakym @realDonaldTrump First time in the fabled #trumphotel Toronto - concierge was amazing, &amp; experience is the right word\" Thx
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
My @greta int. on @FoxNews with @MELANIATRUMP at OPO discussing my potential candidacy &amp; making America great again http://t.co/xEZDajloOF
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Trump on 2016 Run: I Would Self-Fund, Appoint Wall Street Experts” http://t.co/4ya9KJruxE
Via @bostonherald by Eugene R. Dunn: “Iran a clear danger” http://t.co/E7KnHSxrkT
via http://t.co/Lw28bfjJdP: Only one man up for the job of president  http://t.co/zIxfJ4SHrm
.@IvankaTrump's Favorite Miami Hot Spots @TrumpGolf @TrumpDoral  http://t.co/G4z5rlqDhj
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
\"@HaKolBzman  you would make an awesome president. We need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around\" Thanks.
\"@johnny4arizona: A Trump presidency would MAKE U.S GREAT AGAIN, MAKE MADE IN USA #1 , put more $$$ in pockets of EVERY AMERICAN #Trump2016\"
\"@johnny4arizona: Dream Debate 4 #Election2016 Clinton vs Trump: Trump would be FIRED UP, and Hillary would be NOT HIRED !!! #Trump2016\"
\"@cptnloco262: @realDonaldTrump Watching @greta right now...I'm game! Let's take it and win!\"
\"@Gibbons2012Alex: @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump id vote for you..\"
\"@brianstoya: @realDonaldTrump For POTUS #2016\"
\"@DrueBuono: @realDonaldTrump Just saw you on Greta, hope your not just teasing us about running! Go for it\"  You'll see!
\"@GreatmakeupKate: @realDonaldTrump @Jdwillms1Jeff Donald Trump is the greatest hope for this country we have\"
\"@tgainesgirl:  @WeLoveTheDonald I totally agree I almost cried watching @greta interview with you. Do it just do it Run and save America\"
\"@MikePhelps5: Watching Mighty Planes about @realDonaldTrump private B-757. Mr. Trump is THE MAN. He's as impressive as the jet.\" Thank you.
\"@15pinnacle: I have to give DonaldTrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it's beautiful!!\"
\"@conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realDonaldTrump the Donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. He's America.\"
\"@WeLoveTheDonald: @realDonaldTrump What a BEAUTIFUL First Family you will be!\"
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE-http://t.co/WARAdFgrrF
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C., is located on 600 acres and fronts the Potomac River. Spectacular!http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  \"Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness.\"
April is Autism Awareness Month, join\n me in raising awareness - get your\n “Light It Up Blue” sign here!\n #LIUB http://t.co/qezWONTCcE
\"@WillAA99: @realDonaldTrump For The Love of The United States of America don't let another Bush or Clinton in Office! Run Donald Trump Run!
\"@MyTime28: @FoxBusiness @realDonaldTrump I rather see him as President than any Republican out there, at least he will think $$$$ and sense
\"@MidvilleB: @realDonaldTrump Please run &amp; save this country\"
\"@vinceconley: @realDonaldTrump woohoo! The United States of America President Trump! I like the sound of that! #Trump2016\"
\"@ezika101: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #jobsmatter\"
\"@TheRealHabanero: The thought of you becoming president of the United States is the only thing that gives me hope for this country's future
\"@thatjguy92: Mark it down @realDonaldTrump has my vote\" Great!
\"@TMAC7771: @realDonaldTrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make America great again\"
\"@JoshCalebKing: @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump Trumpy really loves the Irish!\"
\"@d_mc_cullough: @paddyb_ireland @realDonaldTrump Do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world.\"
\"@playazball: @JoshCalebKing @BestBergerEver @realDonaldTrump and the Irish love Trump! http://t.co/ZAYbGq0RUe\"
\"@JorgeQB22: \"@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!\"\"
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
\"@SLanister @realDonaldTrump @Sherry09 please hurry up &amp; run,  I'll vote for you!!!\"
\"@pimpincrxboy @realDonaldTrump can't wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see Donald Trump there today. #topnotch\" Thanks
\"@chiyankfred @TrumpDoral  Mr. Trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the Blue Monster! Looked great\"
\"@Sherry09 @realDonaldTrump Please announce that you're running for president soon. We all need some hope for the future!\"
\"@iamgerg: @realDonaldTrump There’s only one guy with the intellect, balls and know how to fix this country…Donald Trump 2016\"
\"@Warrior_Dave: @photomateme  @jacknicklaus I see it every day from the Whitestone - can't wait to play a round with my CGXs and Airmax's\"
\"@kenzig:  Time to throw your hat in the ring Mr. Trump. Currently we have a liar, a repeat, overzealous tea partier, some Govs...blah\"
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
\"@justrelaxfornow: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA Your son Eric is awesome.\"
\"@sandykjack: @realDonaldTrump -You are what America needs right now- We need a bad-ass President that we can trust and knows how to lead\"
\"@justinraay: @realDonaldTrump @RealPro4Real @TrumpGolfLA. Awesome!\"
\"@RealPro4Real: It's so gorgeous! You have amazing taste Donald!  @TrumpGolfLA @FoxNews @foxandfriends @CNBC\"
\"@RealPro4Real:  The PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at @TrumpGolfLA :-) http://t.co/3Cn4rh3k6q http://t.co/M7kbFsldHv\"
\"@IPFinancing: @realDonaldTrump @daltonkats Trump Chicago is my favorite.\"
\"@TdavisTonya: Mr. Trump, our government is imploding. America needs your strong and honest leadership. Pls 'throw your hat in the ring'!\"
\"@seangeezee:  Announced today the 33rd #PGA Grand Slam of Golf to be held @TrumpNationalLA Oct2015 @NBCSportsRadio http://t.co/2QJBUFO2Cb\"
\"@peterjbates: @realDonaldTrump and @peterjbates discussing the @TrumpCollection in New York http://t.co/Wc3MiSTnPB\" The best hotels
\"@KRCompanion: If @realDonaldTrump gave a State of the Union address, I'd listen. #TheApprentice #Trump\"
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
\"@JustinKrizel: I can vote in next election. If he runs, I will absolutely vote for  DonaldTrump - he's the best candidate out there.\"
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.\n -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.\n -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction.\n -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.\n -- Gary Player
Just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow- https://t.co/QVPKdLZ9J3
With my friends at the great @Adidas Boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral https://t.co/RNyzy5TpDa
\"@chubby6665: Legends on the wall in my bathroom at Trump Doral ..The refurb here is sensational, great venue! http://t.co/8ZsWampxZa\"Thanks
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
\"@KittyCakes92: @seanhannity I think @realDonaldTrump should be running instead of Jeb. We need a REAL candidate, not a so-so leader.\"
\"@phatpuppyart: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump have to say I would love Donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. Glimpses of Reagan
Via @DailyCaller by @alweaver22:“Trump: Obama One Of ‘The Worst Things That’s Ever Happened To Israel’” http://t.co/0a3vkunMbp
Via @washingtonpost by @costareports: “Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid, is hiring staff and delaying TV gig” http://t.co/fZB9ppIAvk
Trump Int'l Hotel, Washington D.C.: The iconic Old Post Office Building will be one of the world's great hotels. http://t.co/5WbRYtT23g
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
\"@pcufinn: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you put a TRUMP fence up and do us all a favor.\" Great idea.
\"@adamodell: @realDonaldTrump just wanted to say I am loving the US celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the UK , great show and celebrities!
\"'Good Chance' Trump Will Run for President\" http://t.co/7VD05VjGHK via @Newsmax_Media by @melaniebatley
Via @BreitbartNews: \"‘MAJOR COUP’: DONALD TRUMP PICKS UP TOP IOWA GRASSROOTS OPERATIVE FOR POTENTIAL 2016 CAMPAIGN\"\nhttp://t.co/uyTXiZ0uSp
\"@Sethanatorr:Trump should run for president. We need him. Obama has accomplished nothing. We all know Mr. Trump knows how to get stuff done
\"@ShotGunFloyd: @realDonaldTrump classic!\"
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
Looking forward to being honored at @citadelgop’s Patriot Dinner with @SenatorTimScott in Charleston, SC this Sunday http://t.co/6CUGLkdh06
Via @Newsmax_Media by Cathy Burke: “Donald Trump on 2016 Bid: On Scale of 1-10 I'm 'Much More Than Five'” http://t.co/CmBzJvpB4G
My joint @seanhannity int. on @FoxNews with @GeraldoRivera recapping @ApprenticeNBC &amp; discussing the 2016 election http://t.co/QqBHlGsJAe
The Great Irish Links Challenge @Trump_Ireland &amp; Lahinch Golf Club is coming this June. Don’t miss it. http://t.co/0ASDOWPMsy #Doonbeg
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
\"@Hasam_A: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I'd vote for him in a heartbeat.\"
\"@ryanbushby: @realDonaldTrump my hero and America's hero!\" Thank you.
\"@TossMyJohnson: @realDonaldTrump run for president\"
\"@Newsmax_Media: Geraldo: Trump Would Make US a 'Successful Capitalist Entity' http://t.co/Snm7CNzdhs\"
\"@xkayla_rae: mom - \" leave me alone I want to just be with @realDonaldTrump \"\" Cute!
\"@ColinSWood: @realDonaldTrump Donald, thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!\"
\"@AllTheNewsIsNow:  Donald Trump and Geraldo Rivera recap 'Celebrity Apprentice': A look back at the exciting season http://t.co/UjrfwvP0Vc\"
\"@Furtaw2point0: @ApprenticeNBC @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump YES! im recently in love with all things TRUMP!\"
\"@chingaling3: @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump Congratulations\"
\"@tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire @realDonaldTrump. this weekend will be nothing less than EPIC\"
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare for 2.5 miles. Extraordinary! http://t.co/nT7zundGmV
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Trump National Golf Club, Washington, D.C. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the Potomac River. Beautiful!   http://t.co/KMaHBBQLXU …
\"@Addictd2Success: The Success of Donald Trump - http://t.co/ZrnPkUtA05\"
\"@nikkoarganese23: @realDonaldTrump you the truth!! I love you\"
\"@sebplaski: @realDonaldTrump Why is Trump for real? Because he knows how to deal!\"
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
\"@ericleebow: Learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. Amazing success story.\"
\"@SheStampsAlot: @NBCNews @TODAYshow #FireBrianWilliams disgrace to news. Ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at.
\"@dcfoodsafety: Mr. Trump I am shooting for a Leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice\"
\"@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump Geraldo is going to win I might riot if he losses #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@tthompson67: I began reading @realDonaldTrump quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. Stay tuned for results!\"
\"@VMilaccio: #DonaldTrump was right about #RosieODonnell. She is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. @realDonaldTrump\"
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
\"@Mack_Theresa: Your family is beautiful. This is the 1st season that I have watched #celebrityapprentice. Gosh, I hope Leeza wins!\"
Via @NewYorkObserver by @Bshapiro91: “Donald Trump, @MelRivers Headline @Algemeiner Gala” http://t.co/794zKuRRAN
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower, Toronto.  #1 in all of Canada.   \n  http://t.co/KlRqulgPmi
Via @Zawya: “Trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor” https://t.co/ut5S45g1H7
Must read opinion piece by @Gallup CEO Jim Clifton: “The Big Lie: 5.6% Unemployment” http://t.co/3SPeAAOLwM Just as I have long been saying…
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago has won many awards &amp; accolades, as has Sixteen, its signature restaurant.  http://t.co/4oJj9nQnUH
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, NY, will open soon. A Jack Nicklaus Signature Design. Beautiful.  http://t.co/XovcybFo0P
We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Via @Entrepreneur by @MDMSEO : “8 Lessons for Entrepreneurs That @ApprenticeNBC Emphasizes” http://t.co/TIYjdTG1Aa
\"@WeLoveTheDonald @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump  Such handsome men! Great pic!\"  Thank you.
“Donald Trump 2016: 7 Political Stances of GOP Presidential Hopeful” http://t.co/oC3ku4IHvI via @Newsmax_Media
\"@pgatimmyd @nypost They are morons Mr. Trump, I heard your speech it was excellent.  EXACTLY what America needed to hear!\"  Thanks.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Congratulations are in order! @TrumpPanama ranks #5 Top Hotel in Panama by @TripAdvisor's #TravelersChoice Awards! http://t.co/otmD9WVZov
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum! http://t.co/KCj2P1v9aJ
My parents:\n\"Trust in God and be true to yourself.\" -- Mary MacLeod Trump\n\"Know everything you can about what you're doing.\"  Fred C. Trump
.@TrumpCollection continues to deliver the goods   http://t.co/iNyM2MoQUy
Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
#IndianaJones and #Ghostbusters- what's wrong??? http://t.co/2nNFF6cwlI
\"@JayDevereaux Ok Mr @realDonaldTrump, get beyond talking and start doing. Announce a run, don't just talk. http://t.co/KbuyI96nmh\" Watch!
Via @njdotcom by Eugene R. Dunn, Medford: \"Donald Trump towers over GOP field\" http://t.co/57TclNsHg5 \"They hate us because they ain't us.\"
“Trump: 'Never Give Up' on Farmland Value Rally” http://t.co/5bDsBUkjOH @TerryBranstad @KimReynoldsIA @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst @BNorthey
By @kwrcrow: “NY Post caught 'LYING' Again!” http://t.co/wbFc2B3QQn \"The Donald” should go far.\" Actually, if I run, I'll win.
\"@Dadeque: @realDonaldTrump The grey sofa don't match, Sir... but It is just my taste.\" I agree, but @IvankaTrump likes it - too bad.
\"@seenontv66: When will People magazine finally realize that THE sexiest man alive is Donald Trump! You are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote\" T
\"@fantasticharris: @realDonaldTrump loves the @Patriots\"
\"@marklevinshow: Excellent article, read to the end http://t.co/Y3ao7UKuqy\"  Thanks Mark, and keep up the great fight!
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said \"bull.\"
Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
\"@kwrcrow: Another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages. http://t.co/wbFc2B3QQn #newyorkpost  @FoxNews #tcot\"  SO TRUE!
\"@willowfrantn: @realDonaldTrump I DVRd Kelly and Michael today to see you, but you weren't on! Missed you!\" Wednesday!
\"@EyeOnPolitics: But, I loved seeing @IvankaTrump's brand on @RealDonaldTrump's show. Her shoes are my favorite. I have a closet full. Great
\"@TAlcornVan: @realDonaldTrump Love #CelebrityApprentice and am a huge fan! Would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump! 😎👍\"
\"@HeaViLybrOkN: I want @LeezaGibbons to win @ApprenticeNBC! She's incredible! Such a professional! I dont think I've seen her stumble once!
\"@MumzyIreland: @RealityTVBliss @1970Rachael @NixtheBlu @courtside I'd rather have @realDonaldTrump on my side than a few whiney housewives\"
\"@iPaulyDip: @alexvent13 my idol @realDonaldTrump he's the motivation\"
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Trump: I'd Be Better 'Meet the Press' Host Than 'Moron' Chuck Todd\" http://t.co/FvI4vg56HB
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Dress your best! The Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, offers the tops style in menswear http://t.co/hotvBiBizM
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Via @examinercom by @Mellyora13: “Trump: Was Benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?” http://t.co/MO4yzO2aSD
Via @LatinoVoices by @CaritoJuliette: “Meet The Latina 2014 @MissUniverse Candidates” http://t.co/Zo80gO5Zrn
Be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC here http://t.co/WIH8gDAyuH
ICYMI, my speech this past Monday at the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach http://t.co/2OlmwXgruv  #SCTeaParty15
I look forward to attending &amp; speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo—total sellout crowd http://t.co/BBIHXXKCCf @PeoplesCompany
Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- \"no more fighting!\" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse http://t.co/W8lWq9C5Qs
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
\"@Missey5Mae: I think if a GOP candidate really wants to win, he will name @realDonaldTrump as the chief trade negotiator.\"
\"@catham11: @realDonaldTrump @DallasVercillo Trump has SWAG 😘😘😘\"
\"@Cheflucky23: You have my vote and a volunteer, please run we need a President that can bring the pride back in being American!😉\"
\"@PamplinFilmCo: @realDonaldTrump When Trump is president do you think he'll televise cabinet meetings &amp; fire someone each week?\"
\"@pwrussell95: @realDonaldTrump should've been you making that speech tonight #SOTU2015\" I agree!
\"@resilienceisme: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of Miss Universe Bahamas?\"  Beautiful and nice!
\"@gamoffour: @realDonaldTrump @SassyPantsjj Focus on being the next Prez Donald! we need you!\"
\"@Lord_Sugar: Can you get me a parking slot at Mar a Lago on Sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @IanJamesPoulter\" Yes, call me!
\"@SassyPantsjj: SO upset that Celebrity Apprentice is almost over, it's WAY too short this season, realize there's 2 episodes BUT want MORE\"
\"@Nancy_Miracle:  I hope that in my lifetime I will see you deliver a State of the Union address. \"President Trump\"....i'm ready for it!!!\"
\"@BullAlyssa: @realDonaldTrump ... Your tweets are always epic!! 😂\"
\"@jmontgomery1965: Please save us from this BS in DC, my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected, please run.....please!\"
\"@jackgulas: @realDonaldTrump @fitsnews agree with Mr. Trump for @GOP nominee to win in 2016. Can't be Mitt. Bold conservative needed.\"
\"@JayLefkowitz: @Dewarsplz  @fitsnews @SenTedCruz Ted Cruz would be fine as would Huckabee. But Trump would be best and Romney the worst.\"
\"@957thegame: What's more intimidating, Mariano Rivera's cutter, or getting fired by Donald Trump? Johnny Damon says it's Trump. @Apprentice
\"@thetomzone: Donald Trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts\"
\"@delans: \"Trump Tower is not a building, it is an event!\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@DallasVercillo: Boys from the hood call me Black Donald Trump #facts\" Great.
Looking forward to keynoting the South Carolina Tea Party Convention in Myrtle Beach on Monday at 3:20PM! http://t.co/qkMriOTcWb
Via @LINKSMagazine: “Only The Donald\" http://t.co/6LeLOsU9Rm
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the \"satirical\" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
\"@JaayZen: @seanhannity Sean, I've been begging him, but will need someone with clout. Ask Donald Trump to run.
\"@gillibean8514: @BrandiGlanville @ApprenticeNBC @nbc @realDonaldTrump your awesome I hope you win brandi.\"
\"@tonymcman: @realDonaldTrump president donald j trump sounds great,but what do you think Mr trump?\"
\"@eliastahan: @realDonaldTrump 2016\"
\"@bensardella: All class on #CelebApprentice by @terrellowens - good job TO! cc @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@arabiangolftv: Great progress at #Akoya by @damacproperties architect Gil Hanse creating a masterpiece for #Dubai! http://t.co/lezbqC5dhh
“Donald Trump to address SC Tea Party Coalition at Myrtle Beach event” http://t.co/hBAIOXUTgf via @CarolinaLive by @timmcginniswpde
Via @thestate by @andyshain: “Donald Trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at SC Tea Party Convention”\nhttp://t.co/cMriNEirEU
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“The Trumps pay tribute to the late @Joan_Rivers”\n  http://t.co/h7pVSrSxhU via @azcentral
Via @TheYBF: “@msvivicafox Attends A Private Screening + Donald Trump DONATES $25K To @peachespulliam’S Kamp Kizzy”\nhttp://t.co/KC3CQ6QVpq
Via @BreitbartNews by @mboyle1: \"Exclusive: Trump To Address South Carolina Tea Party Convention\" http://t.co/Jtut7sRCNX
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
\"@AnAustrian: @realDonaldTrump @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running.
\"@BHANKS26: @realDonaldTrump kevin jonas was the man on #CelebrityApprentice I would love to see him come back on!\" He will.
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump they hate you cuz they ain't you #trump2016\"
\"@0nlyPablo: Watching Season 8 of @ApprenticeNBC (w/ Joan) on YouTube and I'm hooked! Glad I found out about this show! #WhereHaveIBeen\"
\"@misstetu: I love how easily @realDonaldTrump sees through the bull, every-single-time. #respect #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@paulomyftaraj: @realDonaldTrump is great, gosh darn we need him as president, what a hero\" Thank you.
\"@CoolLukeHH: A shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #CelebApprentice! Would like to see him come back! @realDonaldTrump\"  HE WILL!
\"@AgeGrilli35: @realDonaldTrump if I were American id vote for Donald - greatest man on the planet\"
\"@kpdelbridge: YOU MIGHT- JUST BE -THE BEST PRESIDENT -TO COME ALONG THIS WHOLE DAM- CENTURY BUT THATS UP TO YOU? @realDonaldTrump\" Thanks.
\"@AdultProdigy: @realDonaldTrump is cool. I like him. Vote for him please.\" Thanks.
\"@lexdeck: I swear I'll work for @realDonaldTrump one day, watch out.\"
\"@grammies28: @realDonaldTrump ru going to run ??????\"  Watch!
\"@bilalkostashuk: That first episode of #CelebApprentice was intense but incredible. This season is going to be bigger and better than ever!
\"@Valdizzlebitch: @realDonaldTrump my mother was right, you are amazing\" Thanks.
\"@gennyhatesyou: If you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - Donald Trump\"
\"@riley_nordquist: Donald Trump by Mac Miller will never get old 💥🔥👌🎧\"
\"@TheXTOR: @dixiefriedsport @sportstalksc @realDonaldTrump that is genius.\"
\"@gfmete: @realDonaldTrump @LAWeightLoss @IvankaTrump @ApprenticeNBC No one outsmarts the boss!\"
\"@KyleSBaxter:  I've been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. And I knew Kevin and Gilbert would get the axe.\"
\"@LAWeightLoss: @IvankaTrump I agree with Kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father  #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC\"
\"@ronmeier123: @Macys Your APPAREL is UNPARALLELED! In Order to OUTSMART the Rest, You Always Need to Be Looking Your Best! TRUMP 2016!\"
\"@gillule4: @realDonaldTrump incredible experience at the world famous Mar A Lago Club😄happy New Year\"
\"@JobSnarechs: Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump\" So true!
\"@joelmch2os: @realDonaldTrump announce your presidential campaign tonight. WE NEED A LEADER! #trump4pres http://t.co/NWl8Q94W2J\"
\"@djspookyshadow: Feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. Sincerely wishing u more success to come!
\"@cpetelis: @realDonaldTrump If you run for President I, a democrat will vote for you. Watched Merideth Show on 12/22\"
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
\"@BrettNeveraski: I see you @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/xxCpausWuP\"
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
\"@peter_upfield: @realDonaldTrump @frank_puggi Run Donald, Run!\"
\"@SellingVA: \"@realDonaldTrump: Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.\"\"
\"@frank_puggi: @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump If one man could get this fucking country back together Donald Trump can. I admire him.\"
\"@krb117: “@IvankaTrump: @CoachDanMullen Welcome to #TrumpDoral and good luck on Wednesday! cc:  #OrangeBowl” well well.. #HailState\"
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
\"@_stepharv32: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on have a great Christmas @realDonaldTrump you're a true inspiration.\" Thanks!
\"@Great_Cudi: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas to my favorite billionaire! :)\"  Cute, same!
\"@barrman: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president!\"
\"@SAVEHICNO1: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I WILL GLADLY BE YOUR CAMPAIGN MANAGER DONALD I WANTED YOU TO BE PRESIDENT LAST ELECTION\"
\"@CoalCitizens: All I want for Christmas is @realDonaldTrump to run for president!\"
\"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump has BRAINS! Trump has ORGANIZATION! Trump has OUR intrests at heart! And he has REAL Republican Values!\"
\"@titletown899004: @realDonaldTrump @tamkyn @mooovin_on Well then, run and I'll vote for you. Merry Christmas!\"
\"@fsdiva06: Santa...All I want for Christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. DonaldTrump become President
\"@NotNotTildaSwin: @realDonaldTrump Always admired you. You are the man who'll fight for the American Dream!
\"@theinfinitus1:  @DRJAMESCABOT @TrumpPanama Incredible building... a must trip to Panama! Black Sand Beaches, exotic people, what a vibe!\"
\"@Luckyblue02: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas! I'm raising funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital http://t.co/6Fk6pYS8gH
\"@alangnahz: @realDonaldTrump @mooovin_on I have been waiting for the day to vote you for president, ever since I read The Art of The Deal\"
\"@Tnyankeefan35: @realDonaldTrump Get it done Donald! #MerryRollTideChristmas\"
\"@MrInsaf: @realDonaldTrump plz run for president.\"
\"@mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be @realDonaldTrump. Time for #Trump2016\"
\"@MattTemplin: @realDonaldTrump I'm waiting for the day I can put a check mark next to your name for president.\"
\"@VladimirRussia7: @realDonaldTrump Merry Christmas,my favorite billionaire!\" Thanks!
\"@jenniii0rozco: @realDonaldTrump @inboxleekersey i keep saying you should run for President!\"
\"@Jackshallis: @realDonaldTrump if u ran for president I would vote for you!\"
\"@jimmycapo65: @realDonaldTrump I would work ur campaign and u wouldn't even have to pay me, Happy Holidays!\"
\"@nickzizzo77: I'm not calling @realDonaldTrump out or anything but how about you run for president?!\"  Watch!
\"@rickjones220: @realDonaldTrump full support\"
\"@inboxleekersey: @realDonaldTrump I'm 46 years old and I have never voted. If you ran for President, I would vote for you.\" THANK YOU!
Via @Newsmax_Media by Alana Marie Burke: “Donald Trump 2016: 7 Key Political Positions” http://t.co/Yq2V2jtKR7
Latin America’s tallest building @TrumpPanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the New Year in luxury http://t.co/1tBH7N7pZ8
\"@RealPro4Real: My Christmas Wish! Trump for Pres. in 2016 @realDonaldTrump  #Trump2016 http://t.co/MJiLdH1Hvh http://t.co/Kv9pTtDxm7\"
\"@ODedOnRealityTV: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC My birthday's Jan. 3 &amp; #CelebApprentice returns Jan. 4. Nice birthday present. ;)\"
\"@jjbentleyartist: @realDonaldTrump If you are president I would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain\"
\"@N7_Batchelor: What @realDonaldTrump had to say about Al Sharpton was spot on. Wish more Americans would speak their minds about him.\"
\"@BernardCastro3: @realDonaldTrump Wishing you Happy Holidays. Can't wait for the #CelebrityApprentice to start in January.\"
\"@_Snurk: @realDonaldTrump is the Man! He get's things DONE! America is LOST &amp; DONALD TRUMP is the Savior we have all been praying for!\"
\"@yungcarps: I believe in @realDonaldTrump 2016 🇺🇸\"
\"@LucyJen33: @realDonaldTrump Very excited for the new season of Apprentice. A very diverse group of individuals.\"
\"@nancypa14679248: @realDonaldTrump @bisignano912704 Happy Holiday to you and your loved ones,God Bless\"  Thank you!
\"@Garrett__Cox: Mr. TRUMP very excited for the new season of The Celebrity Apprentice! Incredible show, always top level television\"
\"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump loser newspaper &amp; loser comedian!\"
\"@Max_Dub12: Still one of my all time favorite cameos. \"Down the hall and to the left\" @realDonaldTrump #HomeAlone #classic\"
\"@bisignano912704: @realDonaldTrump liberal rag is done\"
\"@MIKEOLMUSIC:I absolutely love your family Mr. Trump. I'm a humongous admirer of you and your family. Can't wait to see the next season\"
\"@TangoEchoAlpha: @realDonaldTrump ..who the F is Bill Maher?\" Nobody really!
\"@MIKEOLMUSIC:  Celebrity Apprentice. I hope NBC has all the episodes online since I got rid of my lousy ass rip off Time Warner Cable.\"
\"@Henrylewski: @realDonaldTrump I hope in the next couple of years I can call you. Mr. President.\"
\"@fa6891e38f8f4bf DonaldTrump Please take me serious America needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads NO MORE BUSH'S IN WH OR WE R DONE
\"@liquidkowboy: @realDonaldTrump We need someone to make America, America again.You have my vote for 2016 #2016Election #USA #NoMoreClintons
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!
#TrumpVlog #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech- http://t.co/eQDh4BkDHp
Via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew: “Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'” http://t.co/IuPYmgZwUi
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
In Charlottesville, VA, @trumpwinery is Virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties http://t.co/Vm6chhyqJJ
Via @ABC by @jonkarl &amp; @JordynPhelps: \"Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the ‘Last Thing We Need’\" http://t.co/3W9wOf9W3X
Via @GolfDigest by @LukeKerrDineen: “@MichaelBreed to open golf academy at Donald Trump’s @TrumpFerryPoint” http://t.co/h1cfQkEmRQ
.@washingtonpost by @OConnellPostbiz:“Donald Trump lands @chefjoseandres for Old Post Office flagship restaurant” http://t.co/RJWTYAsJsr
My @FoxNews int, with @TeamCavuto on the state of world affairs, economy, the Bushes etc.\n  http://t.co/5xUhMmpIb1
Story written by a @HuffingtonPost reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias, but we will prevail! http://t.co/RVF4ZHUeCk
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
“Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
Via @Citizens_United: “Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th” http://t.co/kAw6eOHZI0
Via @DMRegister by @JenniferJJacobs: \"Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month\" http://t.co/30XAVfz8A1
Looking forward to being hosted &amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the @TheEconomicClub \n  http://t.co/1PSF1l8LSp
ICYMI, @nypost’s @LoisWeiss described my Monday @ICSC speech @javitscenter as one of my “best and most riveting” http://t.co/9xdFijthlc
\"@TimboWoods: @realDonaldTrump please run for president\"
\"@SirMikeAdams: Why would Trump run for president? He likes to be able to get things done, government doesn't. It can all change!
\"@DRJAMESCABOT: @realDonaldTrump @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... Trump 2016...\"
\"@itsRyanHilton: VOTE @realDonaldTrump for a no BS President and let's make America the greatest country again\"
\"@Cherelynn: @realDonaldTrump @LLL3_0 @BrandiGlanville @ArenaTV Congratulations to you all!\"
\"@bereasonable2: @realDonaldTrump @gpoch918 yes, please vote for him in 2 yrs\"
\"@MIKE_CENA2015: @realDonaldTrump I would vote for you Mr Trump &amp; I don't even vote ...\"
\"@joelde: You RT'ing these is the equivalent to band's tweeting good reviews. Do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back?\"  No, never!
\"@dhammie0897: Looking forward to a great weekend @TrumpLasVegas @realDonaldTrump ...hearing outstanding things about this @trumpcollection\"
\"@fiteswithheart: @realDonaldTrump In a NY minute!\"
\"@DonnaFins: @realDonaldTrump America needs a POTUS who builds Golf Courses not hangs out on them! Please become our next POTUS!\"
\"@RealSQUEZZ: AMERICA WILL COME ALIVE AGAIN, IF ONLY @REALDONALDTRUMP IS VOTED IN. #PresidentTrump2016\"
\"@PianoBecca: First order of business for America is to  elect DonaldTrump. Next is make America strong again! And he is the man to do it!\"
\"@LLL3_0: Awesome. @BrandiGlanville Australia is screening #CelebrityApprentice 12 Jan can't wait @ArenaTV @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore America's greatness! And no stupid windmills!!\"
\"@joelleangeli: DonaldTrump for president! Give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! You'd have my vote!\"
\"@PianoBecca: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will make America Strong again! Like it used to be! #Tump2016\" So true!
\"@shawnrss: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump will end poverty!\"
\"@ronmeier123: The Strongest Leader in this World and Beyond is the Man who is a Forward thinker! MR.TRUMP For President in 2016!\"
\"@AlexBrochesMTV: Want to see REAL change America? Get Donald in the White House and see a TRUE American businessman fix this economy!!!!
\"@illStayGolden: @realDonaldTrump is the man.\"  Thanks.
\"@Youxia88: Good idea. RT @realDonaldTrump: \"@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.\"\"
\"@BBCoachKK: @realDonaldTrump @TheTyler_S Who needs sleep when your the one and only #DonaldTrump ?\"
\"@ZackBaird52: @realDonaldTrump for President in 2016, you have my vote\"
\"@GetawaysGolf: If I could write one book in the next 5 years, it would be following the DonaldTrump and @TigerWoods partnership in Dubai
\"@michh_amber: Seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is @realDonaldTrump ! Please run for president 🙏\"
\"@TheTyler_S: .@realDonaldTrump your line in Home Alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film\"
\"@accidental_boss: Mr. Donald Trump for president we need a leader who is SMART for once #donaldtrumpforprez @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@harpers1niter: @realDonaldTrump Let's just put you in the white House now.\"
\"@JLanderson1999: @realDonaldTrump For president 2016!
\"@InsideGolfNews: @TigerWoods and @realDonaldTrump have drafted plans for a new championship golf course.
\"@tweetbarryb: Looking good in Vegas today @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/ts2q8yserk\"
\"@Nottinghams1: @FWproud #JohnRoberts biggest turncoat of them all. We know what #ObamaTheDestroyer is but JR pretends to be #Conservative\"
\"@ZANDIO: @realDonaldTrump where is the Leadership To Calm our senses as these protests continue? #StopDividingTheUSA\"
\"@optimu @TigerWoods partners with @realDonaldTrump on Dubai course set to open in 2017 @ESPN http://t.co/4Y1Prclczz http://t.co/He3PruEAJd\"
\"@GolanLernerM: RT @realDonaldTrump: \"@ColtsWynn: The Donald did it right at Trump National Doral. Beautiful course. http://t.co/rzCgbCo8Hd\"
\"@murphysociety: @realDonaldTrump @Tyler_Allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as President?\"
\"@keeli_munkres: @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸🇺🇸\"
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
\"@iosuahh: It feels good working overtime &amp; knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like Donald Trump for a day. 😂\"  Cute!
\"@FLGorman_HB: Lunch w Donald Trump @icsc New York National Dealmaking. Really good.\"
\"@katilynn_paygee: Donald Trump will forever be the best mac miller song..\"
\"@dleonaard: Donald Trump by Mac Miller never gets old to me 👌\"
\"@MikeBayham: watching Home Alone 2 on AMC, first time in decades...didn't realize @realDonaldTrump was in it.\" I was!
\"@overcaves: @optigan4 vote @realDonaldTrump 2016\"
\"@Tyler_Allreddd: Well said @realDonaldTrump #Obamacare http://t.co/8T6O4P5eu8\"
\"@optigan4: @overcaves @realDonaldTrump no one could run our country better &lt;3\"
“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
Broken borders, $18T debt, ObamaCare failing &amp; over budget. Don’t worry our president is still fundraising http://t.co/s4z0EzWQPN Priorities
State Department has not revoked a single passport of ISIS Americans http://t.co/ixwdZ9Uo1N  We should send them to Gitmo for some R&amp;R.
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
Ring in 2015 in downtown New York’s most elite 5 Star hotel. @TrumpSoHo offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence http://t.co/qBU9t4KJ6w
With magnificent views, @TrumpChicago is the perfect venue to host impact events &amp; business meetings http://t.co/UUnq3w1n1z
The cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. Premieres January 4th on NBC. http://t.co/BQFuiUsvCG
\"@Jagbarron Finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good  #celebrityapprentice   http://t.co/jVDSR2rVEw …
“Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney
\"@worrywarto: @FoxNews @CNN @YahooNews @abcnews Now that he's a Lame Duck &amp; doesn't need your vote any longer the real OBAMA is out!\" True.
\"@amegarity: @realDonaldTrump was down in Doonbeg on sunday, stunning place, any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife.
\"@Christina820x: @BrandiGlanville can't wait to see you on apprentice!!! @NBCNews @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@fackinpeter: @realDonaldTrump I think you should be Time's person of the year\"
\"@Hotdamsel2: @realDonaldTrump Yeah Please run for President, we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office!
\"@KenJLThomson: @realDonaldTrump @mikerugg1 for the love of the Rev Norman Vincent Peale. Do it!\"
\"@GibsonLuke7: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump-2016-All the way\"
\"@OVOTim: @realDonaldTrump you should definitely run for president and fix this country\"
\"@mikerugg1: @realDonaldTrump is the man America needs #Trump2016\"
\"@MasterBaxter8: Rosie &amp; Obama have something in common, both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with Trump. #trump2016\"
\"@adamsteinbaugh: @realDonaldTrump please, please, please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning.\"
\"@SaggaSwagga: @realDonaldTrump I believe in America and I believe in you Mr.Trump! You will bring REAL (GOOD) change to America! #Trump2016
\"@shelbytaylor3: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president, I would have hopes for this country again.\"
\"@jdbailey08: @MurphyTasha and I think @realDonaldTrump should run for president. Make it happen sir.\"
\"@metalfirefrog: @realDonaldTrump @kyleraccio @aphonapelma trump would have my vote hands down\"
\"@TylerBelawske: @realDonaldTrump @kaitlin_bunch then make our wishes come true and run for President!!!\"
\"@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump please run for president. Your the only one who can fix this mess Obama created\" I agree!
\"@MichaelMeram: @realDonaldTrump would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper\"  But with heart!
\"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @aphonapelma If Trump were nominee in 2012, GOP landslide . 2016 for the win!\"
\"@majorgoob: #trumpforpresident #presidenttrump @realDonaldTrump http://t.co/DdQx3llDMq\"
\"@aphonapelma: @realDonaldTrump Love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the White House: \"You're Fired!\"\"
\"@Bettylovesdogs: @realDonaldTrump -please-when does celebrity apprentice start????\"  January 4th.
\"@EnlighTea: The Celeb Apprentice is the Best of Both Worlds...Real Business Lessons plus Very Entertaining Celebrity Stars! Can't Wait\"
\"@kaitlin_bunch: @realDonaldTrump do you like the Make a Wish Foundation?\"  YES!
\"@DunkaRooney: @realDonaldTrump your cameo in Home Alone 2 was some top notch stuff, you should be in more movies\"
\"@Salvato231Janet: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn you got my vote\"
\"@mrjgp: @realDonaldTrump awesome howard stern interview!\"
\"@hufseyg: @realDonaldTrump I convince my teachers daily why you should run for president 💁\"
\"@Crowhogan33: So glad I'm able to vote now, so if @realDonaldTrump runs for president, I can vote for him.\"
\"@DanKonservative: @realDonaldTrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn Don't you think you are exactly what the U.S. needs?!?!\" Yes!
\"@Dawn__Patrol:  @louise_kruger1 @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait 4 celeb apprentice, ♡ The Donald! Finally, I've been waiting 2 long!\"
\"@tlrchrstphrbrsn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president\"
\"@BillPickle:  I would like to support DT, if I knew he was serious about going for it. Been disappointed more than once.\"  Just watch!
\"@louise_kruger1: @peter_bollini @samcgirl I can't wait for celeb apprentice, my favoutite show of all time - love The Donald!!\"
\"@jeffferrier: @realDonaldTrump first business book I ever read was The Art of the Deal as a high schooler in the 80s. Been a fan ever since
\"@itsRyanHilton: I can't wait for @realDonaldTrump to announce that he's running for President\"
\"@KaelaDianne97: @realDonaldTrump is the only man fit to run our country. What a knack for politics and business, WHAT A MAN!!\" Thanks.
\"@SpeakingTruth11: @realDonaldTrump @samcgirl me too! I'm such a big fan of @BrandiGlanville !!\"
\"@peter_bollini: \"@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has 2B season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!\"
\"@GQ_MURPHY: @realDonaldTrump your brand suits are my favorite ! So sharp looking ! Looking forward to when I can get another one .\"
\"@andrew_schinds: I'd rather be golfing with @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@mrjonathandavis: @realDonaldTrump hi Donald! You're awesome, smart, classy! My mom met u in Tahoe and is now in love.
\"@HMunjal: .@realDonaldTrump is the best! He's my favorite entrepreneur!\" Thank you.
\"@HolaCatarina: If I could meet anyone in the world I'd want to meet  @realDonaldTrump #LoveHim\"
\"@kvstravel: @realDonaldTrump as I watch the news Mr. Trump I'm thinking I hope America has had enough of clinton&amp;bush as potus\"
\"@saltytrey: @KellyMcKayShow @realDonaldTrump @LeezaGibbons @DebbieGibson @ApprenticeNBC High praise indeed.\"
\"@lee_nall: Why not take on the greatest challenge Donald Trump has ever faced, making this country GREAT again, now that's a Legacy!!\"
\"@StrikeTrump: Hey man you're a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. Just wondering if I could get a birthday tweet. I admire you!\"
\"@samcgirl: Ok, people, it has to be said: the new season of #CelebrityApprentice looks fabulous! @realDonaldTrump I CANNOT wait!!!!!
\"@samcgirl: @DMartinMMXII @realDonaldTrump I can put politics aside for the sheer love I have for #CelebrityApprentice - seriously!❤️😍❤️
\"@AmFam2013: @realDonaldTrump @TMZ_Politics You would have my vote Donald Trump\"
\"@stewy1510: @realDonaldTrump @thefulldish U should run for president and help us out of it
\"@nicofazioprod: @realDonaldTrump continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself!\"
\"@o2okito: @realDonaldTrump for president in 2016 !!
\"@Slim_Shady2o3: @realDonaldTrump you should run for president Donald. You would make one hell of a president!\"
@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's
\"@iJano27: If billionaire @realDonaldTrump once became #USA president he'll make #America best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! 🇺🇸💪👍\"
\"@BigJ_ExtFitness: “@realDonaldTrump: \"@lovely_laura21: , @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸✊\"”AGREED!\"
\"@MattyGucci: @realDonaldTrump This nation will be on the right track once I see your name on the presidential ballot. #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@RafaelMerrydel1: The Carter Family Thanksgiving will be a bit happier as Obama officially becomes the worst President in history.\"
Great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new Executive Sous Chef Sydney Jones @TrumpLasVegas: http://t.co/eIQc8x5kyG
Find something for everyone on your list with this Holiday Gift Guide from @TrumpSoHo, on @TrumpCollection's Tumblr: http://t.co/zEiVU3KqX6
\"@bmariebrown99: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be an awesome leader for the country!\"
\"@SpenceMac96: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE WIN PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA\"
\"@afrangione8: #TrumpForPresident #2016 Make it happen, enough said @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Tyler_MostDope: @realDonaldTrump I am definitely voting for this man right here @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@spbowl: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 As a former Fortune 100 Senior Executive, I agree it's about time we have a biz savvy guy.
\"@JoshuaAlthina:I have a dream that one day I'll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office &amp; fixing this country🇺🇸 #2016\"
\"@SouthRoyce: @realDonaldTrump @lovely_laura21 YES! He's our man for the next President. SURE, He's the Man, no doubt\"
\"@lovely_laura21: Seriously, @realDonaldTrump for president 🇺🇸✊\"
\"@Jsandoval_7: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot.\"
\"@CarrGaz: All the latest on @realDonaldTrump 's plans to transform Trump Turnberry into the finest resort in the world. In today's @CarrGaz
\"@SJFloyd06: Only way I'm registering to vote is if @realDonaldTrump runs for president\"
\"@gmoney8500: I'm tired of having a president without a spine. I'm so ready to call @realDonaldTrump #CommanderInChief\"
\"@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump @OGRumple yes!! More people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016\"
\"@JeromeGottlieb: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016! we need you in office\"
\"@UP1775: @RitaEvelynYanez @realDonaldTrump yeah true, but hey he would be a good president\"
\"@OGRumple: @realDonaldTrump has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !\"
\"@Longviewmayor: @realDonaldTrump you're up at 5 am and you're awake at 1am. How do you have so much energy? Seriously!?\" Good genes!
\"@mattfeierabend: @realDonaldTrump @moore2score it's by far my favorite Mac Miller song. Can't beat Donald Trump\"
\"@UP1775: @realDonaldTrump 2k16 man👍\"
\"@ImDruChainz: @realDonaldTrump if you run for president you'll make our country great again\" I agree, thanks!
\"@moore2score: Why is it almost every person I know thinks that Mac Miller's only song is Donald Trump and then he disappeared...\" True!
\"@24k: @TrumpChicago I have been in your hotel, great views of #Chicago. Congrats from @TravlandLeisure, @realDonaldTrump. #TravelTuesday
Sneak peek of Trump's trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed Ailsa course/@TrumpTurnberry  http://t.co/zaq31Ckd5f
\"@jakemurray_32 @realDonaldTrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
If you don’t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
WATCH – WH official says that ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law http://t.co/L9679gtq82
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
Open for the 2014 season, Mar-a-Lago Club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world http://t.co/Oa3jE1MGPq
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
Via @TV3Xpose: “@IvankaTrump: Think pink in the boardroom.”\n  http://t.co/S9KxxEo6ae
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
Power Lunching next to the #BlueMonster: http://t.co/J1QLSmAcKi via @UrbanDaddy cc @TrumpDoral
\"@BlakeHoagland  What is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur, Mr. Trump?\" You have to be passionate about your work!
\"@RafaelMerrydel1: @realDonaldTrump can Obama salvage his presidency by going to Ferguson and bringing peace?\"  No!
\"@nikkio: DonaldTrump @greta Donald Trump helped out more than Obama did with #AndrewTahmoorissi -- The 25K check was a wonderful gesture.\"
\"@TheRealMasonS: Protect Ya Neck. Wear @realDonaldTrump ties. http://t.co/8QgA0OCEfg\"
\"@ettuandyou: @realDonaldTrump I've got to tell you, I love love LOVE the Trump in Toronto.\"
\"@greta:DonaldTrump sent me check for $25k payable to #Tahmooressi-I forwarded check; THANK U DONALD TRUMP! very kind http://t.co/wvGelWyc5w
\"@sgrifkin: DonaldTrump when will you next appear on television? I am very interested in your opinion of the current NYC real-estate market
\"@Daniel10YNWA: @realDonaldTrump you're the man Mr. Trump\"
\"@joblink31: @realDonaldTrump Trump is so important, that every time he's makes a decision, it's good for the economy .\"
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming \"stuff\" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Press Conference at Glasgow Prestwick Airport this Friday Nov. 14 at 11 AM with Donald J. Trump &amp; Mr. Iain Cochrane http://t.co/9Sq7vCBl5O
Congratulations to @TrumpDoral for being named one of @LINKSMagazine's Great Destinations: http://t.co/2amXtgXTwQ
Congrats @Jean_GeorgesNYC for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! http://t.co/4CAyCgeHlR
\"@pathintel: @ICSC NYC Deal Making Announces Speaker Lineup inc keynote by @realDonaldTrump | http://t.co/Cn5g4xyage\"
\"@LoisWeiss: @RealDonaldTrump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi http://t.co/PZvrzXpFyP via @po_st\" Thank you Lois!
\"@JackieKarlsen: Donald Trump Sends $25,000 To Recently Released Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi http://t.co/zBjOWBIJva  Thank you! #MarineFreed\"
\"@DorianHoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @Po_st Trump is an American Capitalist who actually CARES about Americans! Thank you, Mr. Trump!\"
\"@SellPuts: ! Congrats @SixteenChicago's @ChefLents on your Chef of the Year nom in @eaterchicago Eater Awards http://t.co/QmKwce7ifG”\"
\"@JimDBenson: @realDonaldTrump Great point on the Obamacare site…Thanks for keeping it top-of-mind. Your gifted insights bless America!\"
\"@NStaicer: @realDonaldTrump visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. Very impressive and we will be going back soon!\"
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
I recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin &amp; @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouch
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
Via @PRNewswire: \"TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION™ Announces Trump® International Hotel &amp; Tower Baku\" http://t.co/VCChcquz04
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
Via @NYDailyNews: \"Joan Rivers' last work for @ApprenticeNBC will run on two shows next season, says Donald Trump\" http://t.co/Ry4u1O1cBH
#TrumpAdvice http://t.co/iqDO4rUNhN
Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again! http://t.co/FrBfhTAUG7
The weak jokers who so badly hurt great Penn State University should have fought the NCAA instead of making a deal- http://t.co/b9E5eC9pam
.@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
\"@Mitchwa: @realDonaldTrump What a great night for the good guys. I'm worried about Obama using executive power to pass immigration law\"
\"@mangooppl: @realDonaldTrump Which means President Trump !\"
\"@zedd_tahlz: Can't wait for the new season of #CelebrityApprentice its gonna be epic!! Great cast selection @realDonaldTrump\"
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
\"@RowleyRhonda: @realDonaldTrump Well Sir I am ready to get on the Trump 2016 campaign trail☺ #Trump2016\"
\"@MikeyJFitz: Something tells me a DonaldTrump announcement on If he will/won't run in 2016 will come at season/series final of CA\"
\"@Debralynnxx:  @STN_Entertain @GeraldoRivera @kevinjonas Well, that is quite the line-up ! Predict very good ratings for you Mr. Trump !\"
\"@Scorpiannes: @realDonaldTrump Sir...I respectfully request that you save America and run for President.\"
\"@rexhispaniae: It's been way too long! Looking forward to starting the new year with you back on TV! Love @ApprenticeNBC. I can't wait!\"
\"@wolf_grayson: Can't wait to see @GeraldoRivera on celebrity apprentice hosted by @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@jennyuhas: Excited to hear that Jonny Damon will be back on my TV! Thanks @realDonaldTrump!! #CelebrityApprentice\"
\"@shellyshells626: I must say that anything Donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people's decisions. Smart man!💯\"
\"@ktlaudy: @realDonaldTrump so when are you going to start campaigning?\"  Stay tuned!
\"@troyer_jeb: Just ordered The Art of the Deal by @realDonaldTrump. Can't wait to read it👍👍\"  Great.
.@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
\"@BeetaBenjy: @realDonaldTrump destroying @BarackObama as only he can: https://t.co/nqf6LxOJQC #Israel\"
\"@shellyshells626: @realDonaldTrump @BrielleZolciak I'd vote for Donald ! OH yeah\"
\"@can_U_see_2020: \"@realDonaldTrump: \"@RowleyRhonda: I feel our country is falling apart by the day, please run for president! #Trump2016\"\"\"
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
\"@STN_Entertain @realDonaldTrump ’s new Celebrity Apprentice will have @GeraldoRivera, @kevinjonas and Kate Gosselin— http://t.co/ripm2rInCR
\"@SeattleSeahack: If I write you in under every race, does that invalidate my ballot? I also wrote \"Trump Decides\" on all the initiatives.\"
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Conde Nast Traveler Readers' Choice Awards, Best Resorts in Europe: Trump Int'l Hotel &amp; Golf Links Doonbeg voted #1. http://t.co/gayZAy2852
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu \"chickenshit.\" Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
“Donald Trump: Mitt Romney 'Blew It,' Shouldn't Run Again” http://t.co/fjpKdgrpXu via @Newsmax_Media by @OwenTew
Via @Newsmax_Media by @JAGERFILE: “Donald Trump: 'Morally Unfair' to Use Soldiers in Ebola Fight”\n  http://t.co/NlGdtDQdby
“Trump on Obama: ‘I never thought it would be this bad’”\n  http://t.co/7LcuB3L7RA  via @breitbarttv
Via @MailOnline @dmartosko \"Donald Trump says it's morally unfair of Obama to send soldiers into Ebola hot zone\" http://t.co/0QS4HB7pS6
My @FoxNews interview @seanhannity discussing Obama’s failed presidency, Ebola, DC Post Office, midterms &amp; 2016 http://t.co/7h0CBtkocf
Via @HPCaTravel by @alau2: “Trump Hotel Reflects Youthful, Luxurious Vancouver: Ivanka Trump” http://t.co/MPjhhJ6ern
\"@Lps320P @TrumpDoral @realDonaldTrump Love this place. I'm a Trump resort traveler for life!\" Great and thanks.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
\"@steeldestroyer: @realDonaldTrump I agree with u. I was going to vote for u and I still am.\"
\"@thatkidArob: @realDonaldTrump no he shouldn't. But Donald Trump should. #trump4potus\"
\"@Tradingforex24: In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. Donald Trump\"
\"@libertyladyusa: I agree with Donald Trump, Mitt should not run again. #Hannity\"
\"@B_Thornton66: If you were to run for president, you'd have my vote! You're what this country needs! #TrumpForPresident #Trump2016\"
\"@JaronAnthony: Great interview tonight @realDonaldTrump . #Trump2016\"
\"@TheRealPWeight: You did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in Iraq.. ISIS controls a lot of it today. Good foresight.\"
\"@michelledivv: Donald Trump for president 🇺🇸 @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@TroopsDirect: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump he is the Reagan of this generation...if he ran.\" Wow, thank you!
\"@KauaiNj: @realDonaldTrump Most of us know you would run the US with heart. @seanhannity\"  So true!
\"@kalevans: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @seanhannity, I agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #Trump2016\"
\"@cindylestrada: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up.\"
\"@BohanMewbohan: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump I would vote for #Trump for #President any year.\"
\"@talkradio200: @asthegirlturns #Hannity should be having @realDonaldTrump on (more)!
\"@bahia6085: @realDonaldTrump Both Bush's were bad presidents. Why then---would Jeb Bush somehow be a great president?\" He wouldn't!
\"@r_ieysg: @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump, great guest to have on your show.\"
\"@MaiNu586: #hannity @realDonaldTrump You, good sir, are a great American and created a lot of jobs, not like a looney lib! God bless.\"
\"@GrassrootTroopr: @realDonaldTrump Best episode of #Hannity I've seen in awhile. Thanks to your interview, sir. Run Mr. Trump, RUNNNN!\"
\"@KauaiNj: @seanhannity Donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo &amp; debt BO has driven us into. He has common/economic sense.\"
\"@Jeanee31: @seanhannity Please please please Donald Trump run for president. I have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome\"
\"@BallStateCT: I tweet about sports,but if @realDonaldTrump would run for POTUS, he would beat Hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired
\"@socalmike_SD: @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews Nice segment sir....\"
\"@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump\" Thank you.
\"@MOUDALENA: @realDonaldTrump @nypost @fud31 GODBLESS YOU MISTER @realDonaldTrump\"
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine! http://t.co/uCL9A7TwnQ
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
Via @Mediaite by @evanmcmurry: “Trump Calls @AGSchneiderman a Cokehead” http://t.co/za3cNMqImo Schneiderman is by his own admission!
Congratulations to @DLoesch on the release of her great new book #HandsOffMyGun! Check out @TheBlazeBooks excerpt http://t.co/FY5VQ450oT
Via @reviewjournal “Event offers glimpse of Trump high life” by Holly Ivy Dore http://t.co/GJDZzWnYdn  Great interview @EricTrump!
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
An interesting cartoon that is circulating. http://t.co/OPG2R2ytkr
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
#TrumpVlog South African justice- http://t.co/LWpPK6oSNL
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
\"@rrogers19: Please save this country. @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@BeyerTristen: @realDonaldTrump A man of business and success, please run for president and fix this country 👍\"
\"@alyssatomazin44: @realDonaldTrump seriously needs to run for president🙌🙏\"
\"@Electric988: A smart, POWERFUL, and SUCCESSFUL man like Donald Trump would be the ideal president. We need you Mr. Trump! #Trump2016\"
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,\"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS\"
\"@Fox5Kyle @realDonaldTrump @Macys Your ties are the best hands down!\"  Thank you!
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection, available @Macys, offers this fall’s top styles in ties, shirts &amp; suits\n  http://t.co/hotvBijHrI
There's nothing like fall in #NewYorkCity. See where @TrumpCollection recommends you take in the season's beauty:\nhttp://t.co/f7qvzVbXsW
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Congratulations to @David_Bossie &amp; his team @Citizens_United on their important court win for the First Amendment! http://t.co/HUF0Z0MB3V
Via @Newsmax_Media by @wandacarruthers: “Trump: Baghdad Likely to Fall to ISIS”\n  http://t.co/soSNxLTxlw
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
Via @SteveKingIA’s Steve King for Congress Facebook Page: “Donald Trump has a special announcement!”\n  https://t.co/iAa0AEEhZ3
My @amtalker int. on @whoradio w/@SteveKingIA discussing my upcoming campaign visit for Steve this Sat. in Iowa\n  http://t.co/jWB6i1qtHX
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
\"@CRRoussos: @realDonaldTrump You were 100% spot on about the judge in the Oscar Pistorius trial. Complete and utter moron.\"
\"@felixs: Donald Trump's golf resort awarded five-star status by Scottish chiefs after US tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion\"
\"@EinsteinCassidy: Donald Trump's Scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . http://t.co/3ZrzltDfGJ\"
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Via @DMRegister BY @JenniferJJacobs: “@SteveKingIA ramps up with first TV ad, Trump event” http://t.co/eMysGlPuaT
My @6abc int. with @Jim_Gardner on Atlantic City, Philadelphia’s real estate market &amp; 2014, 2016 elections http://t.co/uftiNXs1us
Via @AmSpec BY Jeffrey Lord: “Donald Trump was right on Ebola”\n  http://t.co/2rS9VRS6MX
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
Vancouver’s most anticipated hotel &amp; residences, @TrumpVancouver will unveil Canada’s first Mar-a-Lago Spa http://t.co/GCGBPHrTiB
Stop the flights! http://t.co/cyhrbbApV3
“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
\"Work Underway on First New Trump Course in Dubai; Second Course in Planning\" http://t.co/i31CzRdeEI via @CybergolfNews
\"@scottgumbleton: Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland,  voted best course on the planet by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences
\"@Ja: Waldorf Astoria's sale &amp; 7 iconic New York hotels http://t.co/QB7uaQQQd3 @FortuneMagazine Congrats DonaldTrump! http://t.co/v7Ars6kLS3
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
\"@moviesharkd: Terrific and insightful interview with @realDonaldTrump by @Jim_Gardner!! Great piece, Jim! Great info and candor, Donald!\"
\"@moviesharkd: \"Must See\" Interview! Jim Gardner One on One - Donald Trump - Full Inte…: http://t.co/0TdJJN9rZf @6abc @Jim_Gardner
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
A @aahs5star Diamond &amp; Green Star Diamond Award winner, @TrumpGolfLA is the nation’s top public course http://t.co/oeIVKKZBys
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s Deluxe Guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details\n  http://t.co/BFvxVb453v
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
Rated “#1 Resort in Europe” by @CNTraveler, @Trump_Ireland offers breathtaking golf &amp; the 5 Star Lodge at Doonbeg http://t.co/uwxhlqEcjn
\"@RWDF1 @realDonaldTrump They are planning on building windturbines near Turnberry Golf course, on Knoweside hill\" Not without a fight!
\"@lee_turton Can you buy @realDonaldTrump merchandise in the UK or do you ship world wide? Cheers\"  Go to http://t.co/kfu2up0LiY to order
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled \"Blackish\"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, \"Whiteish\"! Racism at highest level?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
\"@jrhennessy: There's only one man I'd trust to fight ISIS. That's right: @realDonaldTrump\"  Good choice, thanks.
\"@andrewl1234: .@realDonaldTrump I'm pulling an all nighter in the library studying so I can hopefully do half as much as you one day\" Great
\"@lexiTB1993: We seriously need @realDonaldTrump for president. # TrumpForPresident\"
\"@morgan_sux: Hey everyone! Just found an awesome Twitter account that you should check out!!! It's called @realDonaldTrump very cool\"
\"@KhachfeHadi: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@CalebCCooper Reading DonaldTrump's \"The Art of the Deal\" for my entrepreneurship class. So many cool stories and business lessons to learn
\"@DrizzyDan_: The U.S. needs @realDonaldTrump at this moment\" Thank you.
\"@popated: @tnsmilin @realDonaldTrump And the military doesn't have a heck of a lot of respect for him either.\"
\"@adrianatarsia: @realDonaldTrump thank you for being the voice of reason!\"
\"@THEINTENSITY: The worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about Ebola @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@wethePOL: @realDonaldTrump @Nan_Imburgia Trump for President! ! Please!!!\"
\"@brandotut: @realDonaldTrump calls a spade a spade, would be a breathe of fresh air in Washington.\"
\"@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump no common sense in Washington\"
\"@Jamaface: @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU! EXACTLY!\"
\"@CarnivoreKing: @realDonaldTrump We can't just stop flights. It might offend the west Africans, and we can't do that!\"
\"@AB8TN: @realDonaldTrump our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus\"
\"@Anthony01286381: @realDonaldTrump Wtg @realDonaldTrump for president i vote for u\"
\"@Nan_Imburgia: @realDonaldTrump Why is it O makes absolutely no sense while Donald Trump makes perfect sense!!!\"
\"@kimgt15: @realDonaldTrump RUN FOR PRESIDENT! Save us!\"
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
\"@ChaseHassey: @realDonaldTrump DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! Please run. No one will defeat you.\" Thank you!
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
\"@chuckiswhite: @realDonaldTrump 2016
\"@ryan__schiller: @realDonaldTrump reading \"Never Give Up\" by Donald Trump, he is my idol. Please see this Mr. Trump!!\"  Great.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Congratulations @TrumpSoHo on being named a “Great East Coast Hotels for Teens and Families” by @ParadeMagazine http://t.co/KzgqiC5F34
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
The 2013 @NJPGA Course of the Year, Trump Nat’l Bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @PGAChampionship http://t.co/5FPbwMcL0n
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump golf clubhouse at Menie approved”\n  http://t.co/In1XMFWqyC
\"@ScotlandGolf1 @IvankaTrump @TrumpScotland  It is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients.\" Thank you.
With Terry McAuliffe, Gov of Virginia, at the Trump Winery in Charlottesville, VA--largest on East Coast. @GovernorVA http://t.co/onCh3WxPWL
\"@buddholly: @realDonaldTrump you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else!\" Thanks.
\"@calihose3: @realDonaldTrump Trump 2016! #trump2016 Please! Bring class, leadership and competence back to #America. You have my vote!
\"@jdbailey08: @realDonaldTrump you're my hero. Keep up the good work. #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@spencerpyoung: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president it will be the first time I actually go out and vote.\" Great!
\"@ShayDud: @realDonaldTrump If you can dream it, you can do it. waltdisney Hope your dreaming of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.\"
.@TrumpGolfLA is @theknot’s pick for the \"Best of Weddings\"  with our Vista Terrace looking over the Pacific Ocean  http://t.co/TijMQ1OxD0
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
Must read article by @boonepickens &amp; @AmbJohnBolton: “America’s Untapped Energy Weapon” http://t.co/MlCkUYsMPm We don't need foreign oil!
With panoramic views of Central Park &amp; the Manhattan skyline, 5 Star @TrumpNewYork offers 176 newly  renovated rooms http://t.co/4WnfqUygW8
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!
Great article on so-called climate change, formerly known as global warming. http://t.co/fEYAhQ7lGB
“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith
\"@Valbano206: Loved listening to @realDonaldTrump this morning on @MikeAndMike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the NFL\"
\"@GZervs: Great job on @espn this morning. @realDonaldTrump could run the NFL much better\"
\"@jake_wilfong: @realDonaldTrump was speaking the truth this morning on @MikeAndMike. Too many flags, let the boys play.\"
\"@dmadan81: \"The NFL is becoming unwatchable; because of the flags\" -@realDonaldTrump\"
\"@jmart1128: Loving @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike this morning!\"
\"@williamwatp: @realDonaldTrump great phone interview on espn! Ps forget buffalo, buy the Chicago @Cubs #sonsofwrigley\"
\"@itguy7305: @realdonaldtrump I can't believe I agree with everything you said on @MikeAndMike #worldisover\"
\"@GameANew: @realDonaldTrump Absolutely right!! #mikeandmike\"
\"@pittab: @MikeAndMike you guys need to have @realDonaldTrump on every week!\"
\"@CJDischinger: @MikeAndMike --- so @realDonaldTrump for @nfl commish? Loved his views.\"
\"@bhamp23: @realDonaldTrump @espn great interview\"
\"@louis_the_iv: Idk if anyone watched Mike and Mike this morning but @realDonaldTrump spoke the absolute truth\"
\"@sinksinksink1: @realDonaldTrump everything you just said on mike&amp;mike was exactly what Ive been waiting for someone to say. Thank you!\"
\"@MarkMizzouSteel: LOVE hearing @realDonaldTrump laying the hammer on the @nfl on @MikeAndMike this morning. Trump For Commissioner!!!!!\"
\"@uwsp46: @realDonaldTrump @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game Not worth watching anymore PC ppl have killed the game\"
\"@bluedish: @realDonaldTrump @espn spot on interview! 👍 let em play, put the flags away!\"
\"@AllanBell247: Did anyone just see @realDonaldTrump on @MikeAndMike? He nailed it.\"
\"@HelLo4T: PREACH @realDonaldTrump !!! U killed it on @MikeAndMike ! #NFLestaDepinga\"
\"@TRUEQUE02: @realDonaldTrump love your response on @MikeAndMike this morning regarding the @nfl brand 🙌\"
\"@titansfan1967: @realDonaldTrump @espn I loved your views on ESPN this morning. Need your views in the NFL.\"
\"@Hai: I couldn't agree more with @realDonaldTrump about the NFL becoming the No Fun League. I'm glad someone finally came out and said it!\"
\"@beasonshane: @Espngreeny @espngolic great call from @realDonaldTrump 100% agree with him on the stated of the NFL and football in general.
\"@WayneHancock88: I think that @realDonaldTrump should be the next Commissioner of the @nfl! #BringBackFootball\"
\"@Waltthew: @MikeAndMike Fantastic interview of Mr. T both on a business perspective and a fan. Maybe the best interview you have ever had.\"
\"@jared_searcy88: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump is the man.\"
\"@thesa: @Espngreeny @MikeAndMike @espngolic Listen to what @realDonaldTrump said He just summed up what all the fans feel about the league\"
\"@David_Perilla3: @realDonaldTrump thanks for telling it how it is\"
\"@B_Dussault: @realDonaldTrump should be on @MikeAndMike everyday. Such an interesting guy.\" Thanks.
\"@SouthernRambler: @realDonaldTrump @espn you were right on! Agreed with product on field is horrible\"
\"@StClou: Have to agree with Mr. T, what will ruin NFL is not the off-field idiocy, but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle\"
\"@jphillipsLO: @realDonaldTrump @espn You were spot on about the game of football being boring. Too many flags.\"
\"@MostonTyler: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump 100% right about the excessive flags and tackling\"
\"@TheRxElite: @realDonaldTrump loved your time on @MikeAndMike today. Great points and views.\"
\"@Echo5Chrly: @MikeAndMike for once @realDonaldTrump makes sense. The @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags.\"
\"@AriansFetus: @MikeAndMike @realDonaldTrump WOW, what did I wake up to? Awesome take.  #NFL\"
\"@DeejayWalmix: Everything @realDonaldTrump said right on the money! @Espngreeny @espngolic 💯✔\"
\"@Todd_H @MikeAndMike -Let the court &amp; league discipline them and move on. Agree with Mr. T, the @nfl needs to worry about product on field\"
\"@bxrocboy: @Espngreeny @realDonaldTrump was right. The NFL is ruining the game with all of the penalties. As a fan, I'm losing interest.\"
\"@rclark_randy: @realDonaldTrump great interview on @MikeAndMike this AM! The Donald for commissioner!!\"
\"@iMarle64: @MikeandMike Wow,an actual good guest😳 @RealDonaldTrump keeping it real on his view of the #NFL🏈 #refreshing\"
\"@Skelify: @Espngreeny Completely agree with what @realDonaldTrump just said about the penalties and the hits. [1/2]\"
\"@J_Hawk25: @realDonaldTrump well said this morning on @MikeAndMike the NFL has become the No Fun League. #nfl\"
\"@coreymccrack3n: @realDonaldTrump had a good point this morning on @MikeAndMike. The refs are flag happy, and make watching games boring.\"
On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Attention Arnold Palmer:  Happy Birthday, Arnold. There is no one like you --The King! @KingdomMag  http://t.co/Cde5TciZdw
Flashback from October, 2013: “Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen” http://t.co/5CCg8p8N2O You’re welcome! Apple listened.
Imposing dunes on the Aberdeenshire coastline, @TrumpScotland’s Championship course is a classical Scottish links http://t.co/f2BuzvbhcD
“@ApprenticeNBC: Donald Trump Talks Joan Rivers” http://t.co/8RyhDimJ09 via @TVGrapevine by @TVG_Sammi
38 stories high, @TrumpWaikiki’s 462 luxury guest rooms &amp; suites offer exceptional services http://t.co/XrXAnJj7Wb
Where serenity meets luxury: Trump Nat’l Jupiter’s Spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality http://t.co/7Pp2Mx0h6x
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
\"@WeddingBandWNY: @realDonaldTrump Thank you!!! Love Buffalo!\" My great honor!
Trump Int'l Golf Links &amp; Hotel, Ireland, fronts the Atlantic Ocean &amp; is host to the 2014 Great Irish Links Challenge http://t.co/Oji1aaXa6O
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.
\"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\" -- Steve Jobs
\"@chrisshields16 Class act @realDonaldTrump. Way to go. #ALS big props!\"  Thanks.
\"@deno716 What better way to start a movie than having @realDonaldTrump in the first 3 min. Yes I'm watching Zoolander on @Netflix\"  Great!
\"@AkiaGarnett @R_B_Stuart  Trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. Nothing like that kinda candor\" Thx
\"@fishingmaniac @realDonaldTrump Thank you for supporting American values.\" That's easy!
\"@iambedmatrix  Mr. Trump, when is the announcement of Miss Universe Host City?  We love you and your pageant, we just want to know\" Soon!
\"@smiller581110 @realDonaldTrump @skimpybean Just watched your ALS ice bucket challenge. BIG RESPECT to you\"  Thank you.
\"@SheltonFL @realDonaldTrump stayed your new hotel in Chicago this past weekend. One of the best places I've stayed\" Thanks. @TrumpChicago
\"@jamandatrtl  Her son was over-vaccinated. #CDCwhistleblower #hearthiswell http://t.co/SZiRcSbGVs\"  Terrible.
\"@LindseyScheibe @realDonaldTrump Erik's story breaks my heart. Vaccines destroyed his family.  http://t.co/21yL30fDPk\" Very sad!
\"@justtreatsgolf  Hair-raising stuff as golf mogul @realDonaldTrump proves that it is his real hair with his #IceBucketChallenge\"  Thanks.
\"@rcstaley @LoisWeiss @realDonaldTrump I loved your ALS  challenge! I'm so happy that you showed real men can do it! Obama NOT!\" Thanks
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
Treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @TrumpGolfLA’s white sand $250M premiere course http://t.co/L3a3vqrrSc
.@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow….
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
Congratulations to @sethmeyers on “Emmy’s Rating Tumble” http://t.co/dJ9v0Vfi30  Just as I predicted, Seth bombed! .
\"@UsuallyBogey  I think Washington or Lincoln would endorse @realDonaldTrump if they were still around\" Thank you.
.@TrumpChicago’s award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city http://t.co/pwsw51dqMW
.@TrumpNewYork is the only Forbes 5 Star &amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star &amp; Five-Diamond restaurant in NYC http://t.co/KsrAdC2ZeR
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\n -- Abraham Lincoln
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
\"@thinkingmomsrev: @RobSchneider @realDonaldTrump @SharylAttkisson @jaketapper report this~ http://t.co/jGn0y1wnvk #CDCwhistleblower\"
\"@heidimac60 @realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY simply amazing!\"  Thank you.
A world-famous testament to architectural excellence, @TrumpTowerNY features a 60-ft waterfall http://t.co/W4KUkTER9i
An investment in life, luxury &amp; leisure, a Trump Nat’l Bedminster membership offers top amenities &amp; services http://t.co/8K00dZKjcm
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
\"@Technotoaster: @realDonaldTrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up Donald. I think u CAN do it, but WILL u?\"Watch
\"@JessicahRabbit: \"@troylaneroberts: Taking my daughter on a date. Only the best tonight! #trumpties http://t.co/og3FzphXeT\" how much?\"
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
\"@maathewdavis: @realDonaldTrump The Donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term.\" True.
\"@BackOnTrackUSA: @realDonaldTrump While Obama vacations,golfs, attends parties &amp; jazz concerts, ISIS is chopping heads off of journalists.\"
\"@JWill1240: \"@realDonaldTrump: \"@ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016!\"\" PLEASE RUN. IF THERE'S A GOD, YOU WILL RUN!!!\"
\"@BalconyBreeze: @realDonaldTrump @CahlRStorrie Trump warned USA about O. He had it correctly.\" True!
\"@MichaelTMorgan1: @realDonaldTrump @Honduran  I would love Donald to run.... Never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now\"
\"@ohheyjanelle: Mr. @realDonaldTrump for President 2016!\"
\"@CahlRStorrie: @realDonaldTrump always knows what to say. I love the #trumpadvice\" Thank you.
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
A 7,242 yd. masterpiece, @TrumpGolfLA’s $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views http://t.co/L3a3vqaoQc
\"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.\"\n -- Albert Einstein
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
.@WineEnthusiast’s highest rated wine in Virginia, @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality http://t.co/Tas3Dhp9hH
“Perception about India has changed, says Donald Trump” http://t.co/hysDN8MTHc via @EconomicTimes by Kailash Babar
Via @FortuneMagazine by @mcasey1: “Donald Trump plans to build a Trump Tower in Mumbai” http://t.co/pVHA229OA6
\"@Lane_Pack: @realDonaldTrump you got my vote.\"
\"@ellenbourque: @Writing4Life197 your the best in the world for hotels /resorts....why not be our best in history as president?\" Just watch!
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
\"@Jonesbox: @realDonaldTrump nothing like the delusions of a moron. Just what America needs.\" Very nice, thank you!
\"@DonnieBurner: @realDonaldTrump = next president.\" I can tell you one thing, we would have a great country again-in fact, better than ever!
\"@Subb54: Donald Trump investing in luxury hotels in India is a great news. Enjoyed Interesting interview on CNNIBN\"
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Located in South Ayrshire, Scotland, @TrumpTurnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion http://t.co/BVsLbZCx26
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms &amp; suites @TrumpTO is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto http://t.co/wN2MfNxqbz
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.\n -- Leonardo da Vinci
\"@fuckceciliaa: @realdonaldtrump I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one.\"
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
“Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I can’t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
Each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @TrumpNewYork provide a sophisticated urban appeal http://t.co/KsrAdCl8sZ
\"@EdwinVSuccess @realDonaldTrump is example of how Success is earned!!  Everyday is an opportunity to get after it! \"  Thank you.
\"@wwwrvcom @DarrrenRice @realDonaldTrump Yes Donald seen it in Chicago last month too, thumbs up! #wearethepeople\"  Thanks.
\"@dhesi604 @realDonaldTrump when does the trump tower in Vancouver bc open up? The pool bar is gonna be awesome\" 1 year, thanks.
Via @PRNewswire: “Central Park Horse Show To Make Inaugural Debut in NYC Sept 18-21”\n  http://t.co/SNrDkUumXs I am proud to be a sponsor!
Watch this tour by @TrumpIntRealty's @M_Griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue-http://t.co/7uW24pyrq2
\"@dwaters7545 @TrumpChicago @SixteenChicago had dinner there for my 25th Wedding Anniversary! Absolutely beautiful!\" Great, thanks.
\"@UK_MikeP @TrumpChicago  saw the Trump letters on hotel for first time. Very tasteful and classy. Hotel is an architectural gem.\" Thank you
\"@FOGzide: @realDonaldTrump knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country.\" So true!
\"@JGwildcard420: You are truely my hero @realDonaldTrump\" That's great, thanks.
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
Today's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people, great dedication. @usgsa  http://t.co/q5nAour0Zs
.@TrumpChicago’s exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences http://t.co/AiqkAhdfYF
\"@JackEvansWard2 Happy to join @realDonaldTrump at kickoff of Hotel at the Old Post Office http://t.co/ckp6FlUpUf\"  Thx for being with us!
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Article: More illegals enter than people born in state each week.\n  http://t.co/MPI7QYW2r2
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
\"@ShakyStu: @realDonaldTrump @ayrshirepost @TrumpTurnberry Nice move! Worth while investment. Can't wait to see how well it's finished!\"
\"@jeddprice: @realDonaldTrump Maybe the USA needs to cancel all the rest of Obama's vacations to actually deal with this.\"
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
\"@britanniagolf: @realDonaldTrump Headed to Trump International Scotland today with 16 excited clients..\" Great, #1 rated course, have fun.
\"@DragonMamba: @steve_hofmeyr \" You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life. Winston Churchill\"
\"@ayrshirepost: @realDonaldTrump reveals plans for all-new spa at @TrumpTurnberry resort. Exclusive interview in today's @ayrshirepost\"
\"@JACKYRITTLINGER @realDonaldTrump @JustinRose99 was out with people from Scotland last night..raved about course\"  Justin is a total winner
\"@MelanieNews8: The Donald @realdonaldtrump is in town. Find out why. @NewsChannel8 this morning.\"
“Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein
The acclaimed @TrumpChicago soars 92 stories high. You’re either staying in @TrumpChicago or in its shadow. http://t.co/2mPwSPrDtz
\"No matter what you're managing, don't assume you can glide by. You have to work to maintain your momentum.\" - Trump: How to Get Rich
Awarded the prestigious 2014 @ForbesInspector 5-Star Guide @TrumpToronto is located in beautiful downtown Toronto http://t.co/fYkaNCqPLh
The best vision is insight.\n -- Malcolm Forbes
John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
\"@SciFreitag: @realDonaldTrump: \"I believe in one thing only, the power of human will\" #PresidentTrump2016\"
\"@JDMixon: @realDonaldTrump Please run for President in 2016! You have my support 100%\" Thanks.
\"@awlove4ever: After you left dude I played some Mac Miller Donald Trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky.
\"@JustinRose99: Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing. #Trump… http://t.co/OGe0lri0f9\"
\"@twins44: @realDonaldTrump I could listen to you on Howard for a whole day straight. No one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules\"
\"@swraley: If @realDonaldTrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when I graduate #trumpera\" True.
\"@kennymchardy  visited Balmedie yesterday for @TaylorMadeTour day, fantastic course! Will need to go back for full 18\"  Thanks Kenny
\"@stu_manley played trump international today, unbelievable course, decent mode of transport to http://t.co/t55qGMgPGj\" Thanks Stuart.
\"@PhilStephen @JustinRose99 @realDonaldTrump sensational. Make sure you play the full 18 before you go...\"  Thanks Phil.
\"@daveforsyth67 @JustinRose99 @TrumpScotland Best layout I've ever played!\" Thanks David, so nice.
\"@JustinRose99 Nine holes @ Trump International Golf Links today in Scotland, the course is amazing.\" Thanks Justin, play well this week.
\"@tedbishop38pga The talk of Scottish Open is all Trump International. Rose, J Walker, Phil and Rory all loving it \"Majorly\" Thx Ted, enjoy!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
Featuring @BLTPrime &amp; Palm Grill, @TrumpDoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options http://t.co/YDhg340pXq
Located in the beautiful countryside of Mooresville, @Trump_Charlotte has a superb clubhouse &amp; top amenities http://t.co/y04JVKFsAN
In the heart of midtown New York @TrumpTowerNY is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily http://t.co/LXpZXXBdhk
\"@sperzelgal @realDonaldTrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real\"  Thank  you.
“As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
\"@noelill: @TMZLive They should get @rosie and @realDonaldTrump on @theviewtv I would watch it everyday.\" Cute!
\"@GoodGuyKuchar: Keep fighting for the #American flag @realDonaldTrump!\" I will!
\"@johnathonm: @realDonaldTrump @nsaidian already happened look at Detroit. They turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago\" USA NEXT!
\"@wwwabcSignsBIZ:America needs a proven leader &amp; successful businessman to get us back #HeresyourSign #Trump2016 #USA http://t.co/5ZJyOpUbxW
\"@RickShielsPGA: The unbelievable Trump International was a huge pleasure to play today!  Such an experience! http://t.co/9pNc33EVvu\" Thanks
\"@CeIebHomes: Donald Trump's Palm Beach mansion 😍💰 http://t.co/IFuehnQfUM\"
\"@TweetMyJobs: \"In the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.\" - Donald Trump\"
\"@DaBostonFan: @realDonaldTrump if you were in office you would do everything right.\" True.
\"@ThatTangoRhythm: @realDonaldTrump have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016\"
\"@The_Glansberg: @realDonaldTrump for Prez!\"
\"@CaledonianGolf: Also good to see @realDonaldTrump not being drawn into independence debate. Either way, Trump Turnberry is a winner.\"
“Donald Trump unveils vision for @TrumpTurnberry” http://t.co/utITLy38bm via @BunkeredOnline by @MMcEwanBunkered
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.\n -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
.@guardian_sport by @mrewanmurray:“Donald Trump’s transformation will make @TrumpTurnberry Open worth the wait” http://t.co/seZiDfH2LU
Via @BBCScotland: “Donald Trump's name 'will boost @TrumpTurnberry '” http://t.co/Inznh7M187
\"@HeartSurvivor07: @realDonaldTrump Wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild Detroit. If anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius\"
\"@zakspace11: @MattGinellaGC @realDonaldTrump was just at turnberry.. The place is awesome\"
\"@michelleazulll: “@realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.”\"
\"@billkellyemail: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpChicago @TrumpScotland DT your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of Chicago!
\"@bahia6085: @OFFICIAL_YL @realDonaldTrump @TrumpNewYork @TrumpToronto What's there to debate?\"
\"@stevesipress: RT @realDonaldTrump: Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, nobody  else will!
\"@jenna_w: My parents asked me what I wanted to do after high school and I remember I say there and said I wanna be like DonaldTrump. Thanks
\"@ModivMusic I've been reading @theRealKiyosaki books and about WarrenBuffett lately. I need some Trump books to read!\" The Art of the Deal\"
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
\"@rhino848484 @realDonaldTrump in Chicago on a business trip.  I love seeing the Trump name!!\" Thanks!
Trump Tower Punta Del Este features the Trump Organization's signature superior quality, detail &amp; perfection http://t.co/wRVyIzdLsz
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.\n -- Mark Twain
In the center of Ireland’s rugged west coast, @Trump_Ireland offers a beautiful golf course, top dining and a Spa http://t.co/DdIgs42aqM
\"@wftragni:  @realDonaldTrump to get America back on track. Trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. Don't hate.\"
\"@myjr54: @realDonaldTrump run for president. I wanna deal maker in office.\"
\"@james_dodenc: @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump I hope you will be running for president in 2016. Obama's Incompetence Crippled America.......\"
\"@Pearls_n_Bows: \"@realDonaldTrump: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.\"\"
\"@keyboardbrian: @realDonaldTrump Being the Donald fan for many years, yes, the sign looks fantastic!\"
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
.@TrumpChicago’s Spa has an array of 5 star services,12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms w/great views http://t.co/jQJ495iFh6
The exclusive home of @PGATOUR's @CadillacChamp, @TrumpDoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of Miami http://t.co/C43Bp0kbNx
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
Breaking ground shortly, Trump Int’l Washington DC will bring the DC Post Office far beyond its original grandeur http://t.co/sgxLK2Ca4V
\"@nikkio Just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. Chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them.\"  Thanks!
\"@clarkr3000  Love the Sign in Chicago! You built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. Kudos!\"  Thank you.
\"@KPPhotography38 @TheDailyShow  I'm on a flight heading to Chicago and I'm excited to catch a glimpse of that sign.\" Great, thanks!
\"@Kennokevin: @realDonaldTrump After the pics i've seen, the sign makes the tower look great. Hands down best looking tower in Chicago.\"
\"@aj_baldwin: @HowardStern Today's show was fantastic! @realDonaldTrump was awesome and the real doll w/ Eric was priceless.\"
\"@JamesPDonahue1: @HowardStern @Tedd474 @realDonaldTrump another amazing and solid #SiriusXM appearance from #DonaldTrump\"
\"@InfamusG12: @realDonaldTrump Love the new sign! http://t.co/TD5vkaKLjY\"
\"@CatheMazanowicz: We know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. Putting Turnberry on my bucket list....\"  Great!
\"@StephenGrubba: @realDonaldTrump You were great today on @HowardStern. Hope you buy the @buffalobills.
\"@TheKeshKid: @realDonaldTrump for president? Genius! He will definitely know how to put the American economy in shape! #TrumpForPresident\"
\"@Mmmkamilla: I have never voted before, but if Mr.Trump ran for President, I would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him.\"
Someone just asked me, who is my favorite Donald Trump impersonator? http://t.co/joX5Q08gdJ
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
A former Miss New York is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in Sunday’s Miss USA pageant—beautiful! http://t.co/DThYaylNpZ
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --  Aristotle
Shameful. After trading 5 senior Taliban for a deserter, the White House is now attacking Bergdahl’s platoon http://t.co/MmbfJTEUuP
Must read @IBDinvestors editorial: “Child Alien Crisis Obama's Fault, But GOP Won't Pounce” http://t.co/JaZZX8qZYI
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
The 5-star @Trump_Ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the Atlantic Ocean in County Clare, Ireland http://t.co/BkfUkVENlH
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!
W/state of the art Clubhouse &amp; our signature amenities, @Trump_Charlotte brings true luxury to The Tar Heel State http://t.co/7sLx4jM2X1
\"@DavidInspired:Trump wouldn't be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! People would once again respect the US if he was elected! #TRUMP2016
\"@Koonskin: .@realDonaldTrump would make an amazing president. Best ever! Sadly, I don't think he has the guts to run. A shame.\" We'll see!
\"@BigPapaPruett: @realDonaldTrump The Smartest Businessman, and the best President we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #Trump4Prez
\"@SMarkelon: Get this liar out of the White House. @realDonaldTrump for president 2016! He has the drive and business leadership we need!\"
\"@BravoFan2014: @realDonaldTrump @MissCassie1230 he has my vote we need an Patriot in the White House again.\"
\"@zahmad_a:It is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from Iraq w/o having a fully prepared Iraqi Army.\" Wrong, they could NEVER do it!
\"@MissCassie1230: @realDonaldTrump for President! Smarter than any man in the USA!\"  I agree, thanks!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
\"@pamplinfilmco: @realDonaldTrump @Jenn641 Can't wait 2 see the White House makeover when Trump is president.\" Our country would thrive!
\"@Retrogirl01  He sure has my vote! It's time we get someone in there that has a brain! A business mind to clean this mess up! Thank you!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
\"@Jenn641: I really think @realDonaldTrump should run for #President!!! Who's with me on that nomination?!\"
\"@AlexDavisChevy: Next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. Would vote for you in a heartbeat! #TrumpEm #Trump4Prez\"
\"@justalmir: @realDonaldTrump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you!\"  Thanks!
\"@84Celtics: @realDonaldTrump No House Majority Leader Has Lost A Primary Since 1899.\"
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
\"@AskMrWhitey: @realDonaldTrump You have the finances and the name. And we have the votes... Get on it. Lets make it happen.\"
\"@Boycottmaypac: @realDonaldTrump He got the president to show his Birth Certificate! He has clout my friend! He can really stir things up!\"
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
Amazing view of @TrumpGolfLA http://t.co/xuFsGUQY1d
Trump Collection’s summer line, exclusively available @Macys, is the pinnacle of style &amp; prestige. Dress your best!  http://t.co/vRkl8bMJ7g
.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
\"@fear_no_evil89 @realDonaldTrump is not afraid to tell the truth &amp; stand up for what he thinks is right #GOP2016 #Trump2016\" Thank you
\"@iCheko_LOM All Mr. @realDonaldTrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. Loving the tweets.\" Thank you.
\"@MikeyGojca @realDonaldtrump         speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right.\" I guess so, thanks!
\"@_lizzly  Nearly anything would be more effective than Obama. @realDonaldTrump is the ideal candidate for this country's restoration\"  Thx.
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
US trade deficit hit $64B+ in April, 2 yr record high http://t.co/e5RuDJxexp We must do better. China is ripping us. Bring the jobs home!
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
\"@nklaeger We need a successful business person to upright the USA...no rookies. Trump is the man to do it!\"  Thanks, I agree!
\"@dbljjames @realDonaldTrump will you be in Baton Rouge for Miss USA\" Yes!
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
\"@paulscuz @realDonaldTrump I think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #Trump2016\"  True!
\"If you like to work hard, you will attract people with the same ethic.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
\"@tquoteseday: If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop! Instead make your work more pleasurable. - Donald Trump\"
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's \"brilliant\" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
\"@Wolf_Hausmann: What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --Donald Trump\"
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
\"@adeezy101 @realDonaldTrump even after making billions, what keeps you motivated?\" If you have passion for your work, you will be motivated
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
My speech to @PressClubDC yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan http://t.co/9HTxGAPRty
\"Intrinsic means basic, inborn, elemental. If you have an intrinsic value, it cannot be taken away.\" - Think Like a Champion
.@TrumpChicago’s The Spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms &amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline http://t.co/jQJ495iFh6
Great @nytimes story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel- http://t.co/EDE9Bz4bTu
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
\"@immlawyercanada: @realDonaldTrump BRILLIANT!\" Thank you!
\"@ShoretnTweet @realDonaldTrump did someone say #WineWednesday? Loved your winery in VA, brought a case back to Pottstown PA!\"  Great!
\"@realtmfleming Your seminars, books, shows all have impacted my life for better. The number 1 thing I learned from you: THINK BIG!\" Great!
\"@Grizz524  @realDonaldTrump thanks for getting me through finals week Mr. Trump\"  Good luck!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.\n -- Stephen King
\"Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”  -- Anonymous
Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
Via @BBCNews: “Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort” http://t.co/nbH7mMB66z
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
\"@FrobBedrickson @realDonaldTrump \"Art of The Deal\" just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book..\" Thanks, enjoy.
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
“If you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Designed by @IvankaTrump, @TrumpDoral’s New Villa Deluxe Guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends http://t.co/H5oMoXxclQ
\"@DavidBarringer4  For the record, Trump ties are the best ties I have ever owned.  High quality and very appealing\" Thanks.
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
\"@Drake4444444: @realDonaldTrump I'm glad to see you come out strong against Sterling today. Typical Trump, a strong voice.\"
\"@JoeFraga: I saw your interview yesterday &amp; agree 100%. Disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. Flat out lies by them.\"
\"@Scott__Marx: @realDonaldTrump Run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #TrumpforPresident\"
\"@datriggakeithh: “@realDonaldTrump: \"@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?\"” @MacMiller\"
\"@cassiewellkid: i think Donald trump should run for president\"  Thank you, we sure do need someone - and fast!
\"@Media2Commerce: \"As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.\" Donald Trump\"
\"@datriggakeithh: Donald Trump has 90,595,800 views. damn can i have that one day?\"
\"@Meep_Swizzle: My 666th tweet goes out to @realDonaldTrump you are the man sir #keepenterprising\"  Great!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon
\"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger.\" - Think Big
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election
\"@yosoyroberto @realDonaldTrump Congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets, awesome example of planning and scheduling!\" Thanks.
\"@ChristineStergi   what's wrong with everyone. Mr Trump will kick ass as president. Economy will flourish.\"  Thanks and true!
\"@PeteGagliardo Seeing how excited Trump is about the bills is awesome. We deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in Buffalo
\"@ricktimlick   in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on \"The Art of the Deal!\" Always admired you.\"  Thanks.
\"@sundayhorse @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC love a view without those damn Turbines. They make ppl sick.\"  True.
\"@mondrian70 The Donald would be HUGE Boost for the #NFL. Such an icon! I know it would be a huge boost to the franchise &amp; NFL.\" @nflcommish
\"@richrobins0n i love Trump because he actually says what’s on his mind, not what the people want to hear. that’s why he’s a leader\"  Thanks
\"@MrJamesDavidson @TrumpScotland Very proud to say I live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one.\"  Thanks James!
\"@sjleith @realDonaldTrump @TrumpScotland A truly great course.  Best I have played in Scotland.\"  Thank you.
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
\"To be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
On rugged Aberdeenshire coastline,@TrumpScotland’s Par 72 course is 7,400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes http://t.co/AvuLj7LVcO
\"@KingMeeetch: @realDonaldTrump celebrity, business man, or politician? Who cares, you're damn good at all three\"
\"@PolishPrince21: @realDonaldTrump I think you would be a great president but a better NFL owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish
\"@AAszkler: @realDonaldTrump @ChristineStergi President Trump, now that would make Putin wet himself!\"
\"@Terrell87:  Mr. Trump if you ran the country what's the #1 thing you'd put in place to improve matters in the United States?\"  JOBS!
\"@TarHeelFullback: @realDonaldTrump you would make an amazing president!\"  Thanks.
\"@gabepaul58: @realDonaldTrump would be the next best in guy next to Ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills ❤️\" @nflcommish
\"@rhino848484: @realDonaldTrump and a better TV show. @ApprenticeNBC #1 You make great TV Mr Trump\" Thanks.
\"@mike_ginett: @realDonaldTrump #america needs a true businessman to run this nation. You.\"  I agree, thanks!
\"@jorourke8: @realDonaldTrump your the greatest man on earth\"  So nice, thank you!
\"@financeturd: @realDonaldTrump you have many more followers on Twitter than Mark Cuban\"  I also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
\"@leetimlin0511: I just want @realDonaldTrump to buy my Bills! Perfect man for the perfect club\"  nflcommish
\"@youngsellz4: @realDonaldTrump you'd be a great president Mr.Trump\" Thank you, the World would no longer look at us as fools!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
\"@Robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great Jim Kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise\"  It was my honor!
\"@JeniferStevens: Someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... I nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat\"
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
\"@adeezy101: @realDonaldTrump are you just going to complain about it? Or are you going to make a difference in 2016?\"  Just watch!
\"@mikewarner1976: @realDonaldTrump @buffalobills Please make this happen !!!\"  @nflcommish
\"@Alertora27 If @realDonaldTrump does buy the Buffalo Bills, they could become a winning team in the near future\"  Thanks.  @nflcommish
\"@jimmy_arellano  The best thing that could happen to New York sports is @realDonaldTrump  buying the bills\" Thanks. @nflcommish
\"@kerps80 @TrumpChicago  @CNJohansens   Absolutely love The Trump in Chicago!  The view from the bar is incredible!!\"  Thank you.
\"@Going4theGreen @realDonaldTrump's Int'l course in Scotland. Ian Andrew proclaims the robe \"the best I've ever worn. That's awesome.\"  Thx
Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
I pick the best locations- @Trump_Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman. http://t.co/Lnlfq3wyXf
\"Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.\" - Think Like a Billionaire
“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
Obama has changed the Census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of O'Care http://t.co/FM76jygCDn  REAL data hidden
In Hudson Valley @TrumpNationalNY’s course has pristine fairways, tour caliber greens &amp; 64 strategic sand bunkers http://t.co/Fz5o9BpkeZ
\"@SI_PeterKing: Why do baseball players slide headfirst? Are they just, like, not smart?\"  Great point, and also, thank you Peter!
@PriscoCBS  Thank you!
\"@neevee31: “@BillRancic:10 yrs ago I won the 1st season of the Apprentice..Thank you @realdonaldtrump 4 a life changing event\"
\"@PhilRamlet: @TrumpDoral @JJcompitGolf just played Blue Monster today. First group off at 8am. Great course!!! Phenomenal service!!!\"
\"@__Mikey__D: @realDonaldTrump Run for President in 2016\"
\"@jsalbertousa: I visited NYC last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. Greetings from Miami.\"
\"@kirkcameronfan @realDonaldTrump @Ddouble_J Mr Trump, what book should we read second?\" Never Give Up -- examples of tenacity.
\"@AFCAllaeldein @realDonaldTrump just finished Think Like a Billionaire - again.. brilliant\"  Thanks.
\"@RedRoof65 I have spread out my son's shots over the past 5 years. He is  fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in September.\"  Great
\"@Abspara we've spread out our son's vaccines as well. He's all set and no ahem came because of it.\"  Great.
\"@ScottVanstory   Best President during your lifetime? @realDonaldTrump\"  Reagan.
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
\"@EmilioMasella @realDonaldTrump the more I keep reading the more respect I gain for you\" Thanks
\"@vanillasicks  The Blue Monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realDonaldTrump #mentor\"  Thanks.
My @NewsRadio967 interview re Jeb Bush's absurd immigration comment &amp; @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit.   http://t.co/fBvmHgAviU
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
\"@Steveleno80 The Art of the Deal was the 1st book I read of yours and it was n still is a great read. All of ur books r great reads\" Thanks
\"@jnicoletti15  even my little one is loving our stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Fabulous Resort! http://t.co/SwtACOhquw\"  Thanks.
So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
\"@laurence_hasson  Heading to Toronto for for a stay at the Trump. I expect it will blow my mind.\"  Great--enjoy! @TrumpToronto
\"@Ddouble_J  @realDonaldTrump Mr Trump what book of yours do you think I should read first?\" My first book, The Art of the Deal.
\"@DenizTweets @realDonaldTrump 16 and finished all your books. Awesome.\" Great--good luck!
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
\"@lamodaya: In life you don´t get what you want, you get what you negotiate: Donald Trump\"
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Visit the highly acclaimed Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago and its exceptional 'Sixteen' restaurant http://t.co/yuUSn1lUFf
\"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough.\"\n -- Mario Andretti
\"@LoganWeiler11: @realDonaldTrump I am wearing a trump tie today. It is, by far, my favorite tie.\" Great - at Macy's!
\"@DragonForce_One: @realDonaldTrump Chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 (Dec 1st to Mar 31st). Avg temp was 22F\"
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
\"If you're going through hell, keep going.\" -- Winston Churchill
\"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.\" -- Winston Churchill
\"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.\" --  Winston Churchill
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: \"Never, never, never give up.\" ...
If you’ve looked over the years,I’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
\"@wesbart53: Watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. Carter-esque, weak. His delivery is so cautious not to offend, absolutely zero\"  True!
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a \"regional\" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
\"@SecularBobby: @realDonaldTrump hey. You are so cool and I'm voting for you in 2016\"  Very nice!
\"@TheTomBurkeShow:@AlexSalmond This what we really want in Aberdeen? Wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. http://t.co/iUEFEw1Yp5
Head on over to my Facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #AskTheDonald- http://t.co/3xffLRSNhK
@DanScavino @APinv @TrumpGolf @billclinton @APHospital  Thanks Dan
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection's new line is out @Macys --ties, shirts, accessories -- great &amp; going fast! http://t.co/IBTN6JokyH
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
\"Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.\" -- Midas Touch
\"@TeaPartyThad    @realDonaldTrump man DJ! You are such an inspiration brother. Thanks for being you!\" Thank you.
\"@FrontRowBrian You also hosted the greatest MMA event of all time... #WRESTLEMANIA... TWICE!!! You are a great American sir.\"  Thanks.
\"@kunle_jimber                   @realDonaldTrump I just got one of your \"Ties\" such a nice brand.\" Great! Thx
\" @MissyCombs38  Please stop renovating/creating golf courses. We need you to renovate the White House! #trumpforpresident\"  Cute!
\"@bllheaded  Finally read The Art of the Deal. Outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig\"  Thanks
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\"  -- Albert Einstein
\"@keegster51: @realDonaldTrump you are a true role model of success. Thank you for being my inspiration #Trump2016\"  Thank you.
Trump Victorious in Fort Lauderdale Litigation http://t.co/WqurUItUJH
Congratulations to @TrumpIntRealty for the two top rentals in 2013!  http://t.co/cMAV5TDlas   #TIRNYC
Wow, the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at Trump Park Avenue—each one = $100,000 per month http://t.co/cMAV5TDlas
\"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\" \n -- Abraham Lincoln
\"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.\"\n -- Benjamin Franklin
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
\"@NellyBelle25: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, just returned from Chicago &amp; staying at your hotel. Amazing experience. Your people are the BEST
\"@NickLangworthy: #BlueForBen @realDonaldTrump @ERIECOUNTYGOP http://t.co/Jnc696s5fa\"  BEN, GET WELL SOON - YOU HAVE MANY FRIENDS!
\"@HoustonGunn: So excited for tomorrow to head to #NewYork to tour #Trump Tower! I am so looking forward to meeting @realDonaldTrump
\"@carisa01huston: @realDonaldTrump You rock....ditch the haters, and keep speaking the truth. They just don't like what they hear!\"
Elite Traveler &amp; the 12 Best Hotel Room Views in the World http://t.co/3rqzqN0gJ9  #TrumpChicago
\"You're never a loser until you quit trying.\" -- Mike Ditka
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
The opening of the @TigerWoods Villa at trumpdoral http://t.co/6RUAONpXH4
\"@IbeJakeB    Just read  Midas Touch cover2cover. Tons of notes for @FlowWraps thank you &amp; Robert too!\" Thank you, good luck!
\"@mariela_mh: @IvankaTrump, @realDonaldTrump DAMAC releasing today - Trump Estate in #Dubai http://t.co/ruqRdwLgPN.. Beauty and Style!
@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!
@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!
Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Disappointed the @NewYorkObserver article on @AGSchneiderman did not bring up his dealings w/ Shirley Huntley.  http://t.co/z2i22B7D21
\"Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.\"  -- Aldous Huxley
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
\"@HoldingUpThree                       @realDonaldTrump You're a true inspiration and leader. You would make an excellent POTUS!\"  Thanks.
\"@shawcrossblue             \n@FinestGolfHoles @realDonaldTrump this looks epic! I need to play this course!!\"  It is great!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
Wow, NY Observer story about @AGSchneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag &amp; crook. He’s bad for New York.  http://t.co/k61ryFURBH
\"@AndyDubaingltd                       \n@realDonaldTrump Mr Trump,you were created for our generatıon\"  Wow!
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that \"we're in the problem solving business.\"  So true!
\"@M_Brannstrom @realDonaldTrump inspires me. Every day.\"  Thank you.
“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!\"  True, thx
@ron_fournier  Actually, I like you!
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified.
\"@graeme123s I have that many Trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me I have what it takes\" Thanks
\"@DaveDautel                     \nBeen following you since your book \"Art of the Deal\". Thank you for your words of wisdom &amp; insights\"  Thx.
.@willweatherford @FLGovScott \nGaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
.@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
\"@Ructions77                    \n@realDonaldTrump Hey Donald will ur new Irish Golf Course be close to Shannon Airport ?\"  Yes.
\"@CelebBiach                        \n@realDonaldTrump @IrishCentral @LodgeatDoonbeg welcome to Clare!\" Thank you!
\"@SovereignChadG  When will the PGA tour be coming to Trump National?\" March 5th.
.@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said “no way!”
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
\"@brasicingbras: @realDonaldTrump let the haters hate, Mr. Trump. Love my new Trump tie from @Macys #trump2016\" Great!
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
\"@Nospin_43: @realDonaldTrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens.\"
\"@samraj25: @realDonaldTrump i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super\"
@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith.
\"@AmSpec: In aiming at #Trump, #BuzzFeed shot its own credibility. http://t.co/S7LjItWym2 @realDonaldTrump @marklevinshow\" Thanks Jeffrey L
\"@IamEbbot: @realDonaldTrump Jesus would be so proud of you Donald...\"
\"@amarudacosta: Sadly @realDonaldTrump was correct about South Africa - the level of violence is irrepressible\"
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
\"@RColdwellBanker: I wear a suit everyday to be professional but I top it off with a #trumptie to say I'm on top of my game and successful.\"
\"@fastercarrrrrrr: @realDonaldTrump why are you not running for president in 2016\" We'll see what happens!
\"@SpinningDisk: @realDonaldTrump Ignore them Mr. Trump. Don't waste your time. Sounds like a personal problem for them.\" LOSERS!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
\"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.\" -- Abraham Lincoln
\"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.\" -- Thomas A. Edison
\"Don't sell yourself short on something that is important. Today is just the beginning.\"  -- Think Like a Champion
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
Make it special!  No better place to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Windy City than @TrumpChicago http://t.co/1F2n7AB7MR
\"Trump lays out big plans for Doonbeg  resort: Billionaire says investment shows Ireland’s economy recovering\" http://t.co/jUm2idYrWC
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
“Trump's Championship #BlueMonster Course Opens To Rave Reviews” http://t.co/EW89uqNXV2  via @sacbee_news
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
\"Just be tough, be strong, be willing to learn – and you will learn. Don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks.\"  Think Like a Champion
\"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.\"\n-- Steve Jobs
\"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.\"\n-- Benjamin Franklin
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly \"STUPID\" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Press conference at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral . http://t.co/NaZv7RLJgO
With @IvankaTrump and @EricTrump at the opening of the @GaryPlayer Villa at @TrumpDoral-  http://t.co/9hlTb2hbnj
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer!
\"If you can't say great things about yourself, who do you think will?\" - Think Like a Champion
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
Now the UN is attacking @Redskins franchise http://t.co/MAjV6J8acP With all the world's problems, is this really a top priority?
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Thanks to everyone for your support on @CNBC’s “Top Leaders, Icons and Rebels” vvhttp://cnb.cx/1fi8fO5  Thanks for voting Trump!
The @CadillacChamp returns to @TrumpDoral on March 6th http://t.co/887inAZsUg Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
\"@peyton2419: Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union.\"
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
\"@ASenaPhotograph Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016\" Happy Birthday.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife @MELANIATRUMP -- a truly great decision by me! http://t.co/eO9ei1njWv
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
\"@jjprl: Just left @TrumpDoral what an amazing spot. @realDonaldTrump and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral
\"@LA_Reid: \"I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.\" -Donald Trump #BeEpic\"
“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
\"@WLynton                            \nIt's my 30th B Day today, and a reply from you would be the best gift ever?\"  Happy Birthday
\"@tonyge0101                  \n@realDonaldTrump  why don't you buy your own team? You'll be the best owner ever!\"  Thanks.
\"@akers_joshua I've read 3 books from @realDonaldTrump &amp; the best advice is in all three. \"Do something you're passionate about.\"  Great.
\"@1JeffHensley                     \n I'm a Yankee fan &amp; I agree whole heartedly. He aint worth it never was . TRUMP 2016!\"  Great, thx.
\"@OsamaBinBallinn: Out of all the \"celebrities\" @realDonaldTrump is the only one that speaks the truth. We need more leaders like him!
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
\"@SpenceGarcia805: @realDonaldTrump is the man!! Huge inspiration\" Thanks!
\"@dustinjm19: @realDonaldTrump a retweet today = a new tie purchase from Macy's tomorrow.
\"@RDPomin: @realDonaldTrump Trump needs his own Late Night Show!\"
\"@JerseyShoeLace: I have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow @realDonaldTrump on a daily basis\" You can't live without it!
\"@robmotmotcally: @realDonaldTrump good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in Aberdeen ?? #scotland\"  Record business!
\"@MichaelSteele: Can't wait 4 TrumpDC RT @realDonaldTrump: \"@ichicagoscott:  Thanks Michael, it will be the best -  keep up the great work!
\"@joannakirshner: Enjoying my stay at the beautiful @TrumpPanama. Thanks @realDonaldTrump for bringing Trump to Panama! I love that hotel!
\"@JacksBeach: @realDonaldTrump @jeffredman5 Trump's a strong leader. Letterman is a weak, passive, insecure person.\" Thanks, but he is good!
\"@MarkMizzouSteel: @realDonaldTrump @ichicagoscott @TrumpChicago Trust me, I have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!\"
\"@ichicagoscott: @realDonaldTrump how would you describe @TrumpChicago in one word?\"  Magnificent!
\"@johnnyb23390: @realDonaldTrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work!\"
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
\"@SolomonDodson: @realDonaldTrump someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!!\"  Thank you!
\"@mustbeAT_15: I'll be just like you one day @realDonaldTrump\" You can do better than that!
\"@arqpallares: Finally,Punta del Este will have its own Trump Tower! Missed @IvankaTrump this year and hope to see you in the opening!\"
\"@str8thinker: As president @realDonaldTrump would surround himself with Great People. .. no more mediocrity\"  TRUE!
\"@RyleyRLynn: @realDonaldTrump please run for president Mr. Trump! The country needs fixing and you're the best man for the job!\"  Thank you
\"@Michele_WV: @realDonaldTrump PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT AND STRAIGHTEN THINGS OUT.\"  There is plenty to straighten out!
\"@dintres: @realDonaldTrump we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation!  SO TRUE!
\"@PREACHPALERIDER:  begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is America's last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now.\"
\"@haventravel: @realDonaldTrump you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business.\"
\"@caleb2207: @realDonaldTrump my family is going to Hawaii &amp; I told them to go to @TrumpWaikiki I told them that yours' are the best!\"
\"@TinaPiper: @realDonaldTrump so ready for another #celebrityapprentice I love love that show!\"
\"@jennamstrachota: @realDonaldTrump Always inspiring me to be my personal best! I appreciate it.\"
\"@KcLivegreen: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for the positive words of wisdom!\"
@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
\"@ApprenticeNBC: Sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! Happy birthday, Holly!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Please, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
“If you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!
\"@NinjaDomoEsq: @realDonaldTrump should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2.\"  I agree!
\"@surferev: @realDonaldTrump @TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what??\" Thank you!
\"@twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face.\"Not haters,losers!
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
The atrium of @TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas- http://t.co/0FHEzYT6O3
@BenCooner @RED931FM @SCOTTHALLNWO @Jassisidhu @b_coalition @WWE @0 Happy Birthday Sarina.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- http://t.co/6ksLuFzRHw @PeteRose_14
\"@marianne_hund        \n thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!\" Thx
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
\"@LBabcock2: We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. Next year it all changes\"
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
\"@kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can't afford this\"
\"@BobSmit98038199: @realDonaldTrump @AGSchneiderman botox botox botox botox\"
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
Our billion dollar website- http://t.co/JbpMopI1L2
A special message for Martin Bashir- http://t.co/7PpOJclyeR
Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly, he didn’t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSA
Sleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA
\"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.\" --Harry S. Truman
\"To become a champion, fight one more round.\" -- James J. Corbett, long ago Heavyweight Champion
\"Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.\"  -- Albert Camus
\"@dsing33: @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president?\"
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
\"Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement\" http://t.co/BNbutAKnWY
War on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October http://t.co/4KhsbQvwiJ  Terrible, especially during holiday season.
Reigning @ApprenticeNBC Champion @TraceAdkins does great work with @wwpinc. Donate to an Injured Warrior today http://t.co/nrhl8hIwlq
Via @MoscowTimes: \"Donald Trump in New @eminofficial Video\" http://t.co/CNDV9txxQJ  Emin &amp; family are wonderful people.
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at @TrumpChicago’s 5 Star, 5 Diamond \"Sixteen\" restaurant http://t.co/sweV2n1TTw
@thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY  Thank you.
\"@jeffbuehrle                      \n@realDonaldTrump @Macys Really like the ties. Have a handful and they are my favorite.\" Use them well!
@PatrickJFSmith   Thanks.
@SeanKAnderson Great!
Via @worldnetdaily: \"JAILED U.S. PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'\"  http://t.co/Y7MjTlsa0y
@CDaeda @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice No way, they are bird killing machines.
@FrankMDavisJR @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks.
@mckay317 @TrumpTowerNY  I will check it out, thanks.
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
\"Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line.\" --Think Like a Champion
\"If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.\" -- Charles Kettering
Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans http://t.co/UxeEkMJp2g Why should they suffer like regular Americans?
When Warren Buffett &amp; others play w/ bankruptcy, nobody cares—when Trump plays the game, it becomes a big deal!\n  http://t.co/xiYoo3fxEV
@SwanRose2013  I create jobs!
@Facebook_Ben Thanks.
@chadasletten Thanks.
@nolanitenyc Sad!
@DamonCanel @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@libertybellskp So true!
Offering true luxury, @Trump_Charlotte has spectacular restaurants, Olympic pools &amp; six professional tennis courts http://t.co/KwJ1jkLuPa
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book \"Undisputed Truth\" &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
@WantonSoop  True!
@MeghanFaheyy Great!
@matt_marcolini @MissUniverse @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse \nhttp://t.co/Y6TJL7znRD
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
\"If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.\" -- Mario Andretti\"
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
ICYMI-- \"@MELANIATRUMP               \nReading newspapers and see...  #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday  @BillyGraham http://t.co/cdYT5btamI\"
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
\"@DCoolDog: After careful consideration, I'm going with my blue @realDonaldTrump #SignatureCollection tie for my big meeting today.\" Do well
\"@Shrubshrub: I've said it before. I'll say it again. The turn down service at the @TrumpToronto is the best in the world.\" Thank you!
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called \"George Washington's Secret Six\" that is truly worth reading.   \nhttp://t.co/rzdnYAAze4
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night. http://t.co/Tahju7mAHu
“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman
@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.
@rrpsllc  Thank you.
@Andy241097 Thank you.
@dnewman83 Thank you.
\"thilan_GolfSwag               \n@realDonaldTrump Played Doral for the first time. absolutely great course! Fantastic job!\" Thanks.
@prdnjoy67 No, #Darnell does.
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
\"@emilyluvsuxoxo: @realDonaldTrump is the best person in the entire world.\"  Thank you Emily, so nice!
\"@thesween_bean: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for 2016. #Trump2016\"  Our country needs help (leadership), and it needs it FAST!
\"@mzulianix3: @realDonaldTrump you are the coolest man I've ever met 👍\"  Thank you!
\"@JVince81: @bforrealstevens  GovChristie @realDonaldTrump That tie is awesome. I need that tie. Where can I get it?\"  MACY'S
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said \"I'm really good at killing people\" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
\"@mikebus7: @realDonaldTrump great fitting shirt and I got a couple compliments on it too! http://t.co/E5R6Sow25D\"  Looks great.
\"@billmaher: With the cast from Friday's Real Time - and now I'm in Springfield, Mass for standup tonight-and Bill, you totally bombed-\"BAD\"
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
Via @WSJ: “The ObamaCare Awakening: Americans are losing their coverage by political design.” http://t.co/Y3Y2PbOuzS
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about…
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
Via @WPOffshore: “Donald Trump's Blackdog victory” http://t.co/dIUlqbvP5U
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
\"@haay_ramiiie: @realDonaldTrump has the best twitter\"
\"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.\" - John Wayne
\"@kevinmacman55                      \n@realDonaldTrump well deserved, you motivate me every day.\" Thanks.
@OriginalArts1 @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
“Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion
\"@ChrisStackStacy                      \n@realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY it is absolutely a work of art #TRUMP\"  Thank you.
\"@MikeMuckleroy                     \n@realDonaldTrump @AmSpec That is a reward that is WELL DESERVED.\" Thanks.
\"@dynamicwil                 \n@realDonaldTrump @AmSpec You deserve it! your a true entrepreneur!\" Thanks.
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
@RyDev22  Great!
@strommer07 Yes and thanks.
@DanAmira   Apology accepted.
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
On Fifth Avenue, the iconic @TrumpTowerNY is one of NYC's most heavily visited tourist attractions http://t.co/GKof5GEdCv
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
\"@DonJuanRiley1: Getting a picture of Donald Trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero :)\"  Wow, so nice!
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
@WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus  True and thanks.
@bahia6085 So nice, thank you.
@DJCastiello Thanks.
@GlobalGolfPost Thank you.
@missharleyd49 Thank you.
.@TrumpLasVegas was just rated “Best Room Service” in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff! http://t.co/lS8xG8LGm8
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp; @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!
\"@StephanieWei: @realDonaldTrump my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the @wsj today http://t.co/YHaPTbuC3j\" Great writing-thanks!
\"@Blueyez1214: @realDonaldTrump Please Dont ,,,as I do LOVE NY like you do,,your not a Governor,,,your a President\"  Cute!
\"@Ceastwood12: @realDonaldTrump now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY\" Will blow Bethpage away!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
\"@JUrciuoli19: @realDonaldTrump I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you, casting now for next season.
Re Florida Power &amp; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue, if you’re not staying at the 5 star @TrumpChicago then you’re in its shadow http://t.co/anamGuDUrE
Via @trdmiami: “@TrumpDoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms” http://t.co/Jh4GkBJi2z $250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami.
“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
\"@OHOUD555: \"@realDonaldTrump: \" Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with @Damacakoya
\"@kristensharpe30: @realDonaldTrump @NhoieGee love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)\"
\"@motleyhoney: @realDonaldTrump I say go for it, solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in Vancouver\"Thanks
\"@NhoieGee: @realDonaldTrump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?\"  Miss Universe on Nov 9th, yes!
@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
\"@JoseConesa01: @realDonaldTrump It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama, \"you're FIRED\"\"  Thanks for the nice words!
“Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare” http://t.co/KakYqO8Xbb Men in NC get 305% hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237% hike.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any pain
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
\"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program, here's my advice: Distrust, dismantle and verify.\" - @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
@IsraeliPM @netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Congrats @GretchenCarlson's new Fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings http://t.co/IhmmXHig9r Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
“Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning.\" -Think Big
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99% for men and 62% for women http://t.co/uKIx7zg2JO DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
The shale boom is saving our economy http://t.co/dnZXz1RyIU Good for jobs, national security &amp; trade balance. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast!
Via @FurnitureToday by Cindy W. Hodnett: “Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture” http://t.co/HnVd3OMLOJ
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
\"@Greek_Boy_21: @realDonaldTrump if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
\"@Miranda_Diplo: @realDonaldTrump IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT.\"
@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
\"@SissyRichQueenb: Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITE @realDonaldTrump will be on there @NeNeLeakes @Bravotv 9pm\"
\"@SissyRichQueenb: Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I no @realDonaldTrump will give @NeNeLeakes some good Advice @Bravotv\"  WATCH!
\"Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That's building the right way.\" - Think Like a Champion
“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.” – Midas Touch
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! http://t.co/R85N4o4hra
There are great campaigns on @fundanything http://t.co/CMFrwv0P5t Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
@akendall13 Too early!
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
\"@CaptainBlob: @realDonaldTrump I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential\"  Made by Serta, they are really great.
\"@RealBboy360: @realDonaldTrump Boeing is at a record high, thanks for saying to buy a while back\" You are welcome.
\"@Dropz11: @realDonaldTrump @Chloe_Eliise Unfortunately, the good men like Trump only run for President once a century.\"  Thank you.
\"@RandyMinshew: America needs a brilliant patriot like @realDonaldTrump to guide this country!\"  Thank you!
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
\"@KaburuOle: @realDonaldTrump like Einstein was the greatest scientist, I submit, you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time.\" Thank you.
\"@Chloe_Eliise: I really hope @realDonaldTrump runs for president in 2016\"  Thanks, so do many people, our country is going to hell!
@BrentLudington  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently \"when do you sleep?\"  The answer is -- not much.
@Alan_Saranga Thanks.
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
Donald Trump Jr., Ivanka Trump, Eric Trump, and myself in front of The Old Post Office, D.C. on Pennsylvania... http://t.co/WTJZA0R6UG
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack http://t.co/8fGXzrYYbd
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
Via @AP: “Donald, Ivanka Trump say DC’s Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels” http://t.co/QQ0uvlPVXN
@ewilli1204  Thanks!
@TammieHarrison  Great!
@joshskaggs                      \n\"@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!\" Thanks!
@AccountsRS                        \n\"@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era.\"  We got lucky!
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
\"@redellis1: @realDonaldTrump He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!\"  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
\"@kbmc24: @realDonaldTrump my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers!\" Great!
\"@best_Is_me: @realDonaldTrump is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process\"
\"@CodyBaine: @realdonaldtrump your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field\"
\"@TheTeflonDante: @realDonaldTrump who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts?\" There are a number of very good people!
\"@johndoe5210: @realDonaldTrump . I worked for another self made man, Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
\"@thorpe81: @realDonaldTrump you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!\"  I will be working hard on that!
\"@Airmanfirst: @realDonaldTrump Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him?\" He should move, better for him to make a new start
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
\"@jean_penny: @realDonaldTrump I love love Donald Trump!\"  Thanks!
\"@The_ClarkSide: @realDonaldTrump is the man! #TrumpForPresident\" Thanks!
\"@morningafterbil: @realDonaldTrump I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world.\" Wow,nice
\"@DeanoCT: @realDonaldTrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time\" Thank you!
\"@TheGreatGedi: @realDonaldTrump In Donald We Trust.\"  Thanks!
\"@TsatsaSepia: \"@realDonaldTrump: “A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion\"
\"@Drake4444444: Youre welcome. We did it! @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
\"@Brock2120: @realDonaldTrump I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
\"@TVreporter: @realDonaldTrump What will you miss most about Wiener?\"  Absolutely nothing!
\"@MiketheScrew: @realDonaldTrump Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly.\"
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
\"@bingham_tammy: @realDonaldTrump why wasn't Obama more concerned w/Benghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business\"
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Here we go!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
\"@JcoyShox25: I honestly think our next president should be @realDonaldTrump .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
\"@allen1006: @realDonaldTrump @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
\"@Nick_Oros: @realDonaldTrump full supporter of #Trump2016\" Thanks.
\"@dawesy_boy: @realDonaldTrump Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!\"
\"@obamafraudulent: @realDonaldTrump @d18mt2 The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
\"@edbaram13: @realDonaldTrump everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it\"
\"@d18mt2: @realDonaldTrump You will knock the President anyway. Wrong, I would love to see him do a great job, but it's not working that way
\"@kevin47881: @realDonaldTrump The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America\"
\"@JayLefler: @realDonaldTrump Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics.\"
\"@ASBrowntown: .@realDonaldTrump you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?\"  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
\"@jp_worldwide: @realDonaldTrump you need to go on @HowardStern to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too\"  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over
\"@MariaDavidson10: @realDonaldTrump you have more followers than they (@billmaher @jayleno) do.\" So true, and am hopefully MUCH smarter!
“Appreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a Billionaire
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
“To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big
With the signature services of Trump Attaché, @TrumpWaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki http://t.co/vGGmsi0YJi
@TylerKrist734  Thanks.
@dhtherex Thanks.
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person.
Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
.@EmilyMiller's book \"Emily Gets Her Gun\" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment http://t.co/9kSlh6G12A A must read!
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
@LadyJelenaxoxo  Thanks.
@golflessondubai Soon.
@SHAWSHANK5                  \n\"@realDonaldTrump To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will\"  True!
\"@Michael_Dorris: \"@realDonaldTrump: \"@tannermarkboots: @realDonaldTrump never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
\"@ukn96: @realDonaldTrump If two of your competitors were at war, would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?
\"@andrewessex1: @realDonaldTrump @tannermarkboots Just finished 'art of the deal', Brilliant insight into your mind, thanks!
\"@atkins4: @realDonaldTrump you realize that is what Iran wants, dont you?\" You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
\"@BigSexyBDAvis: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would attack Syria or no?\"  No, lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
\"@BattoulShamsi: @realDonaldTrump I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things, 2 the point.\"Thanks.
\"@DavidAGoodman: @realDonaldTrump:How can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
\"@NattieBright: @realDonaldTrump If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!\"  Watch!
\"@jvmesb: @realDonaldTrump is the kind of president we need!\"  True!
\"@twittahmachine0: @realDonaldTrump mr trump for president\"  Thank you!
\"@mbouchon: Make an appearance @realDonaldTrump! We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub @SCProvingGround\" Thanks!
@sonnset2  So true, not even close.
@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
@TheLanes08 Thanks.
@grindingdude @monkeydogman I will!
@tjstoudt                     \n\"I really want @realDonaldTrump to speak at Liberty University convocation again.\" Great school.
@latoyajackson  Thanks La Toya!
@ritter1025 Happy Birthday Bernice.
@alphakonstant @RICHNYJETS True.
@kyleraccio            \n\"@realDonaldTrump Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome\"  Thanks.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
\"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.” -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
.@tracegallagher and @FredTecce discussing my case on @FoxNews http://t.co/or6yruZDyL
“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The misery of Obama’s economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011 http://t.co/Rl7UMWHQKN
Remember, all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!
Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Josh8J4                   \n\"@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA\" Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Watch @ FoxNews’ @ShannonBream, @LisWiehl &amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit http://t.co/63vz8QjBSM
Via @ WSOC_TV: “Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures” http://t.co/ke9xm4P1RP
@kingmortimer Interesting.
@Ginny14974                 \n\"@realDonaldTrump  the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us.\"  100% correct
@bingato                     \n\"@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!\"  That's true!
@SteveRickettsSP  Great!
@TerryTm112444 Thanks Terry.
@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
\"@RICHNYJETS: @realDonaldTrump dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus.\"
\"@not_that_actor: @realDonaldTrump Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other, Assad regime+ Al Q, stay out of it!
@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
\"@frankmorano: I think @realDonaldTrump's book, \"The America We Deserve\" deserves a read. Written in 2000, very prescient!
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
\"Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Don’t hire @stuartpstevens\" http://t.co/uuevm2mNb6 via @politico by @Hadas_Gold
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
@TxSi  Happy Birthday!
It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
.@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop &amp; frisk would be a disaster. http://t.co/5XZiGO62pC
\"No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop &amp; Frisk) Is Stopped” - @NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly
@jwhitlinger_GMP             \n\"@realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?\" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
@TheTeflonDante         \n\"@realDonaldTrump @gretawire I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump\" They were great--thanks!
@anniehic @NYMag And so have many others.
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive &amp; elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities http://t.co/XjXFGURZDA
Via @pressjournal by Ann-Marie Parry: \"Plans revealed for course named after Trump’s mother\" http://t.co/ftl4Mk6KpN
Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
.@AlexSalmond If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy, I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont) http://t.co/bAZfi4kTXg
\"@pegson: @realDonaldTrump Christopher Lane http://t.co/926diz3qSQ\"
\"@HERCULES: @realDonaldTrump we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
\"@rwgooch: @realDonaldTrump Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?\"  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
\"@bendreyfuss: @realDonaldTrump Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!\"
\"@reklaw78: @realDonaldTrump I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college.\" No, I went to a much better school!
\"@JoeBloww79: @realDonaldTrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability.\"
\"@jfolds: @realDonaldTrump Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!\"  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
\"@MattJerichoY2J: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on becoming a @WWE #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful\"
\"@pellscuse11: @realDonaldTrump Who plays more golf, yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS.\"  You win!
\"@MikeAmbo5: @realDonaldTrump I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy\"
\"@JohnSim96499126: @realDonaldTrump Damn, Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING...\"  So true!
\"@LisaRiv76873320: @realDonaldTrump Who is Bryant Gumbel?\" A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
\"@Anti_Fox_News: @Toure Doesn't @realDonaldTrump have better things to do, Like investigating Ted Cruise?\" You can't even spell his name!
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
\"@us_patriot_3888: @realDonaldTrump- Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
\"@DanScavino: Great job on @GretaWire Mr. Trump! #Trump2016 @realDonaldTrump\"
\"@Jfedkiw: @realDonaldTrump I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan, Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
\"@Sabretooth94: @realDonaldTrump Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk!\" And a no talent racist!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.
In Miami tracking @TrumpDoral’s $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort. @PGATOUR just signed for 10 yr ext. http://t.co/Qo6Tq9dEJP
Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
@Randirobics Great, good luck!
“When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it \"tuff\"!
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
\"@GetKraven: @realDonaldTrump sir, you would have my vote 100% guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country.\"
\"@nicla_b: @realDonaldTrump Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
\"@carlotalorenabr: The fact that @realDonaldTrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited\"
\"@GarryKennedy: @realDonaldTrump Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!\"  Thank you.
\"@Chad_Williams91: @realDonaldTrump if you're president , I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired\"  Thanks!
\"@Americanwoman00: @realDonaldTrump Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
\"@MysticWolf12001: @realDonaldTrump C'mon, you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton\"
\"@HunterBalthazor: @realDonaldTrump if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!\"
\"@kyleraccio: @realDonaldTrump @Vinny_Titone I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump\"
\"@Vinny_Titone: If @realdonaldtrump runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
\"@AleRdzCuevas: @realDonaldTrump you should be the President of MY country, Mexico.\"  I better learn Spanish very fast!
\"Patience is the greatest of all virtues.\" -- Cato
\"Get respect, and do not give a damn if people like you.\" --Think Big
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone
@flowergirl56 Thanks.
@pikedagger1868 Keep your chin up, keep going.
@GeorgePTransue @BW @trumpwinery @EricTrump  Thank you.
@bradleymenglin Good luck!
@marc_soler1  My honor!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
.@VanityFair’s 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter http://t.co/bHqyCzGCWW Disaster!
@GodfreyGR  Thanks Ian.
@GovMikeHuckabee Great being on your show--see you soon!
@tvmario  Thanks!
@DJKelly78  Thank you.
.@TrumpSoHo features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors http://t.co/yUn5d14t0Q  NYC's trendiest luxury  hotel
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
\"Trump Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel, The Old Post Office Building, Washington, D.C.\" http://t.co/zJqnD3zRuk
Excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9
@Rudmania20  Happy Birthday Shane.
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke.... https://t.co/dRA34WseyG
\"@ilerios97: @realDonaldTrump SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!\"  Thanks,best in Chicago!
\"@Lisa_goforth: @realDonaldTrump. Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels.\"
\"@alexsiminoff: @realDonaldTrump is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time.\"  Thanks!
\"@MikeT_CT: Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT \"@realDonaldTrump: A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
@RachelYohee HI!
@KelBug99   HI!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
\"@JAGOfficial: @realDonaldTrump @ApprenticeNBC has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
\"@GoHarderFitness: @realDonaldTrump Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!\"  Enjoy!
\"@daveperry71: My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel @realDonaldTrump to win the job! Go get it!
\"@anniehepburn: I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me! @realDonaldTrump ♥\"  Thank you!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Just like @Yankee organization, I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
@Klassnik                      \n\"i survive on bread, water and @realDonaldTrump's essential tweets\"  Great!
@Wsutt                \n\"@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?\"  Yes.
@sharonk720            \n\"@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u.\"  My honor.
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
Surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as today’s global warming http://t.co/U1e9OpO3Fi
Great piece by @EWErickson @RedState exposing how Karl 1.6% Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare http://t.co/OqKrzfjUhI
@Irene1969 Have a great day.
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!
\"Defund it, or own it. If you fund it, you're for it.\" - @SenMikeLee
Via @PostSports @barrysvrluga \"Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia\" http://t.co/6njHbO5rmM
\"Trump: Something ‘mentally wrong’ with Weiner\" http://t.co/v3GpZzbtED  via @hilltube by @DanielStrauss4
Looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out http://t.co/kWP1FV0eY9
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
\"@texan767: @realDonaldTrump that he even has any poll numbers is baffling.\"  True!
@Based_Erc   Thanks.Eric.
\"@BarryBnice: @realdonaldtrump Whose worse weiner or arod?\" Too close to call!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
@not_that_actor   Thank you Andy!
@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
\"@AronsArmy: @realDonaldTrump dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion\" Only by doing something that you love!
@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
\"@kata2bijak: You have to have BIG ideas, but you've got to have energy to get them done. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@kata2bijak: I know a lot, but one thing I know is that I don't know everything. ~ Donald Trump\"
\"@thequote: When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. - Donald Trump\"
\"Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are.\" - Midas Touch
Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and @TheTeaParty_net’s Kellen Guida on yesterday’s successful Tea Party Caucus http://t.co/n1TkGPsuHk
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats’ @theFAMiLYLEADER Summit http://t.co/IzUqUbkwtT  Big crowd!
I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
My comment last March - “Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert, you think he will change? He will never change.” http://t.co/uF5F0FbwGd
My @gretawire int. on Obama’s falling poll numbers, Americans losing incentive to work and Weiner’s sexting http://t.co/GMsbPCyPuZ
@prisih91               \n\"In love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump \"why we want you to be rich\" and Robert kiyosaki\"
@SonsofReagan                 \n\"@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!\"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
Why is @AlexSalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @VattenfallGroup quit because of no (cont) http://t.co/jMzvTmjLGp
@samaraOMGharper  Thanks.
@ACmeansBusiness Thanks.
@stevenfarris        \n\"@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta!  \"America has lost incentive!\" \"  Thanks and true.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
\".@Ynberg: Long term goal &gt;&gt;&gt; to be the black @realDonaldTrump 4real\".Great Dean, and you will make it!
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner- https://t.co/dwMiW9T2q6
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
\"@Jess_Wiliem98: @realDonaldTrump I really love reading your books. You should write more books!\"  Thanks!
\"@whartonmagazine: Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article about @realDonaldTrump, W'68. http://t.co/8eenznCEj1\"
\"@barnard_sonja: @realDonaldTrump I wish I had your confidence!\"  WIN, WIN, WIN and you will develop great confidence!
\"@ReZ_Boom: If @realDonaldTrump ran for president I would so support him!\"Thanks Grady!
\"@AdanTheDon: @realDonaldTrump What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???\"  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
\"@harkiret: @realDonaldTrump I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader\" Thank you!
\"@AdrianDemers: @realDonaldTrump if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?\"  Not very long!
\"@therickyjones: @realDonaldTrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?\"  Absolutely!
\"@abbasjaf: @realDonaldTrump well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice.\" They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
\"@3valuedlogic: @realDonaldTrump the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
\"@BritniMacchia: @realDonaldTrump Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!\"  Very soon!
\"@jcalcat: @realDonaldTrump give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you\" Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
\"@AJZnidarsic: @realDonaldTrump when will Charlotte see \"Trump\" as part of the skyline?\"  Already have a great job there, Trump National.
\"@AdamOgdenCEO: @realDonaldTrump you are always on point with your comments! always real.\" Thank you Adam.
\"@TheCanta: @realDonaldTrump Will next @WrestleMania be #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
@JMHPolitics  True!
\"@DStandridge92: @realDonaldTrump family is the US version of the Royal family!\"   No, but thank you so much!
\"@HeyMACCC: I feel like the only people who hate @realDonaldTrump are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is.\"
\"@chinnis_28: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem.\"
\"@millersandra88: @realDonaldTrump @jsheehangolf I bet if he were running this country, we wouldn't be in this mess!!\"True-great again!
\"@WaltsPrincesss: @realDonaldTrump @RyanRMiner @Rosie She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener a/k/a Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
\"@alexmoose454_: @realDonaldTrump SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!\"
\"@Its_FatTony: @realDonaldTrump how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?\"  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
\"@TommyfromMalden: @realDonaldTrump Big fan Mr. Trump, you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 !\" Always fun to do Howard's show.
\"@lalatweetface: @realDonaldTrump we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again\"
@mikeymexico  Thsnk you.
\"@shaun_landi: @realDonaldTrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!\"  True!
\"@Full76: @realDonaldTrump Wonderful job \"On the Record\"! I think you are tops!\"
\"@debitking: @realDonaldTrump : I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy.\"
\"@cphily4u: @realDonaldTrump ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!\"
\"@T_Craig44: \"They don't have the incentive to move forward\"-@realDonaldTrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen\"
\"@ChadMLadwig: @realDonaldTrump Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016\"
\"@missADelgado: \"He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion.\" - @realDonaldTrump pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)\"
\"@jsheehangolf: Why is @realDonaldTrump not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it.\"
@3girlsandDTrain   Just amazing!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
\"@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv\"  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
\"@RyanRMiner: @realDonaldTrump Is your fued with @Rosie over?\"  No, it will never end, but she has become totally irrelevant!
@lucasnahn Thanks.
\"@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump Danny Zuker is irrelevant.\"  So true!
\"@dellLucky13: @realDonaldTrump Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
\"@DomenicGallina: @realDonaldTrump any news on a new celebrity apprentice?\"  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
\"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Is your war with @DannyZuker over with?\"  Who is Danny Zuker?
\"@Ravens4life27: I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from @realDonaldTrump for my birthday... that would be awesome!\"
\"@ptcurtis: @realDonaldTrump Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?\"  In this crazy World, anything is possible!
\"@Criss_Pena: @realDonaldTrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!\"  So true!
\"@RachSolo7: I want to be just like @realDonaldTrump when I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident\"  Go for it!
\"@calebjofficial: @realDonaldTrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!\"  Thanks, we can all use the prayers
\"@Erita234: @realDonaldTrump I really do respect your views as a republican!\"  Great.
\"@Dursonator: @realDonaldTrump you are my hero\"  Thank you!
\"@WinPropP: @realDonaldTrump @paul4prolife You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life\" Thanks.
\"@CraftMonroe: @realDonaldTrump You were very right about Weiner as always.\"
\"@cr7oned: @realDonaldTrump people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me\"  Thank you, and Wiener will do it again!
\"@Azhar__Siddique: @realDonaldTrump How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig\"  Yes, big plans!
\"@MattAstro: wish they'd name the royal baby after @realDonaldTrump\"  Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
\"@paul4prolife: @realdonaldtrump Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance\" Thank you!
\"@FollowHeidi: @realDonaldTrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings, correct? The more I travel, the more I see...\"
\"@Dskoon152_part2: Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you ! @realDonaldTrump\" Yes, but she is very happy!
\"@jshamie: @realDonaldTrump Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?\"
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
\"@MexicoIndie: @realDonaldTrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say, everything would be better\"
\"@ryan_moy: @realDonaldTrump I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!\"
\"@VOIPDATA: How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? \"@realDonaldTrump: On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!\"\" Eliot is also sick!
\"@JosephMouser: @realDonaldTrump get it right its carlos danger\" Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
\"@JerzFukc: Honestly @realDonaldTrump been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him\"
\"@realjosepineda: @realDonaldTrump on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode http://t.co/YlDqBo2yrp\"
\"@aarnold1877: @Letti4U @realDonaldTrump he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal.\"
\"@rspnp0712: @realDonaldTrump you for President!\"  Thanks.
\"@makenzie_means: I remember when @realDonaldTrump said #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!\"
\"@exclusivelyDee: @realDonaldTrump I mean really ... Weiner &amp; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
\"@A_manAdrian: @realDonaldTrump Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical &amp; to the point !\"  Thanks!
\"@Kev1009: @realDonaldTrump are you building a Condo in Manila, Philippines? If so, should I invest?\"  YES-YES.
\"@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!\"  Great!
\"@JeremyHL: @realDonaldTrump - Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYou\"  Thanks
\"@cameroon1974: @realDonaldTrump so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouver,Canada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
\"@VINnipuncture: @realDonaldTrump I hope you will include @MariaSharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
\"Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities\" - Think Like a Champion
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @RollingStone cover.
@B3kz0r  Many people agree!
@Preppermeister @EastsideRJ  Thanks.
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
@CMCoe Have fun!
@francaselles  Thank you.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
@PRGirl817                 \n\"Way to go @realDonaldTrump for the big donation to the #VAuction\"  Thanks.
@JocelynClervil @ESPN_Colin  Thanks.
@espnradio My great honor!
@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
@lakotadlustig  Good luck!
@ShawnWHughes  Thanks.
@FunnyJS Great, thanks!
@koneslager         \n\"@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book\" Thx.
@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
\"Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland\"  http://t.co/uRKFmB5GaS
@Terrell87               \n\"@realDonaldTrump I read your book: \"Trump 101 The Way to Success\" and I absolutely love it.\" Thanks, good luck!
@Pliztef  I like being nice to people.
@BrikMillerEDG You will love it!
@owenkopitekavan               \n\"@realDonaldTrump I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it...\" Thanks and good luck.
@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
\"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.\"  Dale Carnegie
\"@J4K9FLATLEY: @realDonaldTrump can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice\"
\"@IMUNCIRCUM5IZED: @Bman2095 my heroes are either @realDonaldTrump or @mark_wahlberg\"  Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
\"@aerith1: .@piersmorgan .@realDonaldTrump I will be watching .@Lord_Sugar tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!
\"@RogerRainier: It seems like @realDonaldTrump's #golf course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go! http://t.co/uc4gyL2tDO
\"@RogerRainier: .@nathsky Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this? http://t.co/uc4gyL2tDO  Yes, really nice story!
\"@Brian_Legit: @realDonaldTrump Whose your MVP?\"  Mariano.
American league wins!
@RussellCochran Thanks.
\"@DatDudeHead: @realDonaldTrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016\"  True.
\"@Beagle5iver: @realDonaldTrump every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?\"Tiger, Phil, Ernie or Justin Rose.
\"@flebotomy: @realDonaldTrump How does this make you feel? #BoycottRollingStone http://t.co/9leT9c1Szu\"  Rolling Stone Magazine sucks!
\"@Alejandro12386: @realDonaldTrump How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book.\"
\"@humberto1731: @realDonaldTrump Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too..\"  Totally.
@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!
\"@aatl5112012: @realDonaldTrump please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES\"
@JMonaski1 Sad!
\"@Ben24h: @realDonaldTrump what do you think about Mike Trout?\"  One of best young players EVER!
\"@ynotgolfguy: @realDonaldTrump Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry.\"I wish
\"@chillychillman: @kieronfowler @realDonaldTrump the man is a legend\" Very nice!
\"@MarkAcay: @realDonaldTrump @MichaelKaye_3 @foxandfriends All red necks &amp; bigots.\"  Actually very smart &amp; a terrific public service-truth!
@markodero32   Interesting.
\"@yet_another_day: @realDonaldTrump now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight?\" American
@Polatseck Thanks!
\"@ClareAurelio: @realDonaldTrump @Gamecockmtm1967 Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!\"  Perhaps so, not good!
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
via http://t.co/w5cPLpEGaU  Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune http://t.co/uwZ9EWDdVc
@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.
Must read @AmSpec article by Jeffrey Lord: “The Ruling Class Liberty Medal” http://t.co/Xop9FeSMKc
.@JoselynMartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer http://t.co/L2slCWA5cO  She visited Ivanka &amp; me at Trump Tower today.
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
Looking forward to a press conference  today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard http://t.co/jjfNhkjSEM
@rickywatt1 Thanks.
@Skooogs Great!
.@IamStevenT visited me at @TrumpTowerNY- what a great guy! http://t.co/zriawmzJgb
Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub &amp; Trump Spa http://t.co/82lbwXpKed
\"@JoselynMartinez: It was great to meet NYC icons @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump today! #nyc http://t.co/f0flWiHoAS\"  Great meeting you!
\"@Brewjo32: @realDonaldTrump reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit\"  Great!
THE HILL’S TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer, Weiner turning New York into ‘pervert central’ \nhttp://t.co/aDfJpD7ySe
@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.
@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
@kjclt1 Thanks!
@NebSeb Thanks.
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
\"@888maggie888: @realDonaldTrump @FKTrey Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest\"  Thanks M.
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
\"@kiki_Mrizqullah: @realDonaldTrump who is your inspiration?\"   My father!
\"@Richharry10: @realDonaldTrump I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir\" X
\"@FKTrey: Putting on the @realDonaldTrump tie is an essential to my morning routine\"   That's great!
\"@JoeCodling: @realDonaldTrump your book's doing well in the UK mate.\"   Thanks.
\"@hi_ang3l: @realDonaldTrump My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol, my inspiration!\"  Have fun!
@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!
\"@jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realDonaldTrump Just went on a spree at Macy's, four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff, love it!
\"@Sneasure: I've got so much love for @realDonaldTrump.\"  So nice, thank you!
\"@trandusa: @realDonaldTrump we expect you to have some more investments in Turkey,Istanbul Mr. Trump.\"  Love Istanbul!
\"@TalFalco: @realDonaldTrump I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time\"
\"@markmcco: @realDonaldTrump all accidents should require a drug test.\"  True!
\"@Macdaddyeli: @realDonaldTrump please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!\"  Thanks!
\"@BeaumontAnthony: @realDonaldTrump at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump\"   and correct!
\"@Saskatweet: @realDonaldTrump How \"on\" do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?\"  Who cares, they caused the crash!
\"@RealRayLong: .@realDonaldTrump: You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016\"  So true!  -  thanks.
\"@Articmink: @realDonaldTrump Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of @realDonaldTrump You're amazing Mr Trump!\"  Thanks.
\"@S_Gosper: @realDonaldTrump _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!\"  You must be kidding!
\"@MarcusMyers1: @realDonaldTrump @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross Mr Trump, pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!
\"@newnonny: @realDonaldTrump um... How the hell do YOU know???\"  Because I'm very smart, dummy!
\"@c_c_saunders: @realDonaldTrump my dad played the new Scotland course today, left me a vm, \"put the Trump course on your list, must play.\"\"
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!
\"@BENBRICE7: @realDonaldTrump how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested\"  Finished and great.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
\"@TowerRecordsPrj: @realDonaldTrump any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
\"@josephmcasey: Why would @HISTORY ever choose @realDonaldTrump to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm\"  Because they are smart!
\"@4everSharkie: #iHateTheFactThat @trumpcasinos serves #sharkfinsoup and @realDonaldTrump could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?
@farm_mom   So true!
Our trade deficit just jumped in May to “the second-highest level on record” http://t.co/aENXRcvMWg  FAIR trade, not free trade. I TOLD YOU.
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4 http://t.co/E859qXEfHJ On the agenda, 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant in Moscow on 11.9, on @nbc!
Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
Via @nypost: \"Trump’s links getting green\" http://t.co/W4yWnvMile
@lbenson3 You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
\"@TAZZYdevil13: @realDonaldTrump When will we every catch a break ?\"  Only with new and smart leadership!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
\"@KingJonnie1: @realDonaldTrump Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
\"@fastfranky5: @realDonaldTrump if u don't run for President, who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNED\"  Lets see how it plays out.
\"@kennymacaskill1: @realDonaldTrump my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump\" Thanks.
\"@pskibbe: @realDonaldTrump Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties &amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing.\"
@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!
\"@tbclem2: @realDonaldTrump where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal @mcuban\"  The best fit for him would be Houston!
\"@MaaattyB: @realDonaldTrump are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?\"  Fantastic!
\"@HawksFanDenver: @realDonaldTrump What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?\"  Marry a rich person!
\"@farmcrayzee: @realDonaldTrump EVERY penny, I live in South Africa, they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!\"
\"@L_Jackson_78: @realDonaldTrump welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
@Dzeroseven   Wrong!
@FamousUmair   That's great!
\"@JefePinal: @realDonaldTrump is a fucking genius.\"   TRUE!
\"@Mike12Currin: @realDonaldTrump how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire?\" A small fraction of what I've created and built!
@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one.
@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)
\"@Sebuliba: \"@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa\" Wrong, if anything it's worse than I say
\"@DaLynxBk: Is it true @realDonaldTrump \"@Forbes: Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa\"  I'm right!
@dwangpow   So true!
\"@smoss319: @realDonaldTrump Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup\"  Thank you Susan!
\"@Jeromeister: Really @realDonaldTrump, are you sure \"Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen\". Just 97%.
\"@Buhlebabe: RT @realDonaldTrump: \"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.\" - Aristotle!
\"@ollact: @realDonaldTrump To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred\"  My father was a great guy and teacher
\"@kennethsmithmd: @realDonaldTrump I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
@nstegm  Real estate!
@pearlharry  Thank you!
@cherrie_stevens Interesting!
@Fordette12 Great!
@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
\"@nstegm: @realDonaldTrump #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?\"  My children!
\"@cloverc8: @realDonaldTrump that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect\"  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
@lmetzger3590   Thank you.
\"@pastapp: @realDonaldTrump YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!\"  Cute!
@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
\"@CariRead08: @realDonaldTrump I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best.\" You are very smart!
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
\"@steamjetboomer: @realDonaldTrump you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!\"  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
\"@sonaderi: @realDonaldTrump @coolchange80 And you're okay with the government spying on you?\" Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
\"@JFSargent: I feel like that last tweet by @realDonaldTrump is gonna be a good one to have on record.\"  Yeah, for me!
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
\"@Jmano33: @realDonaldTrump you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!!\" Thank you.
\"@AlannaWannabe: Say what you want about @realDonaldTrump, he is a brilliant business man.\"  TRUE!
\"@CoolChange80: @realDonaldTrump Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden .\"  He is a traitor, absolutely. Others won't follow!
\"@Michelle823: @realDonaldTrump made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA !\" I am working hard to do so!
\"@KeyonMATTERS: You are so annoying @realDonaldTrump\"  Thank you, now get a job!
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
\"@emileegorham: @realDonaldTrump I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!\"  Thanks Emilee!
@KevinwArchie   Thanks.
@Matglav @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
Great to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
.@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
@TheBigAStabile   So true.
\"@KyleMcCall4: A man works construction, is used to loud noise, &amp; can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC @realDonaldTrump
\"@coollikeelvis: @realDonaldTrump Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay.\"  Thanks!
\"@ldbox: @realDonaldTrump Yes, Apprentice IS better, but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!\"
@tubby511 Thank you!
\"@ET614: @realDonaldTrump were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song, and music in general, is terrible!
\"@_ScumPrincess: @realDonaldTrump is the best person I follow\"
@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!
\"@DocShanahan1: @realDonaldTrump would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads\"  But The Apprentice is far better!
\"@PZoric: @realDonaldTrump rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice\"
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
Watch the game-really good.
\"@athompson362: Why did I quit following @realDonaldTrump? Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!\"  Everybody comes back!
Great basketball game going on right now!
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
\"@glcarter7: @realDonaldTrump @peaceloveandmeg Mr. Trump, Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?\"  Good luck!
\"@MannyMaCoo: I may not agree with some of his politics, but @realDonaldTrump is a phenomenal business man.\" So true!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, \"Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!\" Nice
\"@JLsmoothh: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime\"  Thank you Justin!
\"@MissUSA2005: Love this pic of @missusa, the beautiful Erin &amp; the one and only @realdonaldtrump. Amazing show. Great picture, thanks.
\"@chrisleigh604: @realDonaldTrump welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit\"  Thank you.
\"@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump @WashTimes @EmilyMiller If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
\"@kevcur8: @realDonaldTrump ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me.\"
\"@Rich9ie8: @realDonaldTrump we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong\"   Thanks for the nice words!
\"@bingo1bingo2: @realDonaldTrump @dannyzuker wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016\"
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
\"@TONE_L0C: @realDonaldTrump is better than @dannyzuker in a lot of ways, plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker\"
\"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.\" - General Douglas MacArthur
\"@Who_MikeJones6: @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser\"
\"@MayaAlusik: @realDonaldTrump @DannyZuker Danny who?
\"@BahuksanaMPH: @realDonaldTrump agreed, he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016\"
\"@lolita_nyc: @realDonaldTrump luv you\"  That's great!
\"@ArberDoci: @DannyZuker I think you try and make fun of @realDonaldTrump because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his.\"
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
@scottymcd1980 Have fun and thanks.
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
.@DannyZuker You’re starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldn’t take my bet but it’s (cont) http://t.co/U61ppIDkPg
If @VattenfallGroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen, who is (cont) http://t.co/1kEFq9Kgmb
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
@scottymcd1980   A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles.   \nhttp://t.co/Gcmv8Tpihp
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
\"@_KatherineWebb: Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!\"  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
\"@WilsonLeeFlores: @realDonaldTrump @Chris_McNall is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course?\" It is the World's best golf course!
@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria.
\"@Yra007Unaj: @realDonaldTrump I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are\"   Thanks and work hard and smart!
\"@Chris_McNall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on building the \"world's best golf course\". Scotland makes us jealous!\"  Thanks Chris.
\"@Friend_Bus: @wgonet @realDonaldTrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs\"  Thank you!
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!
\"@ldn1017: @_KatherineWebb @realDonaldTrump how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA????\" Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
@sanmiguel_23 Thanks.
@tylerhogan1 You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
We look forward to making the Old Post Office in DC one of the great hotels of the World. http://t.co/6paf5iPAqK
I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
Stephanie Cutter Attended WH Meetings With IRS Chief http://t.co/lhUdSYPjLc  Great investigative work by Jim Hoft @gatewaypundit
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
Dress your best. Trump Signature Collection, exclusively available @Macys, tops all male business attire http://t.co/mahENjAx8f
Looking over New York City with luxurious 5 Star hotel rooms, @TrumpNewYork  top dining &amp; amenities http://t.co/09uBwNKHcf
Via @FoxSportsGolf: \"Trump's protégé earns US Open spot\" http://t.co/j7zTv8BLWZ
Kern County, CA has secured $1.2B for windfarms http://t.co/NFAarkCoxj They also just secured more eagle deaths &amp; low property values.
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
@Judare So true!
@tfore4 Our clubhouse on the North Sea. http://t.co/pt4JrevifH
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
This just in re: FundAnything and producer Brad Wyman http://t.co/2LU7ZqdtFc
@Brandon_Grip Thanks Brandon.
@shelleysherwin  Wish your mother a happy birthday.
@glenda_goff Thank you!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523  Thank you.
@Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago  Thanks, very proud of it.
@Cgroll33 Totally!
\"@mrbocce: @realDonaldTrump This Red Sox fan says let 'em keep paying!  Boston.must be very happy!
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
\"@FunkynFortunate: @realDonaldTrump ...but we're paying Lois Lerner.\"  Very cute!
\"@elamenwalker: @realDonaldTrump seen you speak at Charlotte Nc (ACN) that was awesome!\"  Thank you, a great audience.
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
\"@NCartagena27: @realDonaldTrump I'm Puerto Rican and I agree with this. We need to stop trying to be so politically correct.\"
\"@Strange_Drugs: @realDonaldTrump when you die in 4 or 5 years, the world will be a better place.\"  I know, I will make it that way!
\"@an2nym: @realDonaldTrump Good luck. If I had known Id have come to shake your hand. Fab job in Aberdeen.\"
@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
\"@dblsolo700: @zed_crtr @realDonaldTrump ASK HIM ABOUT #CP5 CENTRAL PARK 5\"  Yea, ask me about the muggers!
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
\"@gohermie: @realDonaldTrump @usopengolf Thank you Mr. Trump, I appreciate all of the support you have given me. I hope you can come watch.\"
@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!
@sarah_e_smith9  Thanks.
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
@yati_isma @tonyfernandes Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.
@murraybrown10  Thanks.
@Katdhairstudio Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
@raffie100  I'll bet you had a great son.
@amandaphantm No.
@NYCTiggy Hi Joanna.
@pastorshanewest  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
Obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in Syria to protect Al Qaeda Islamists http://t.co/DCgP83Oxas Syria is NOT our problem.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
@francaselles @KatieShow @katiecouric  Very cool, thank you.
@JATBWIFEE Thank you.
@volkermillion Pretty much!
@GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  Enjoy!
@chrisinspfld @KatieShow @katiecouric Thanks Chris!
Bringing true luxury to the Windy City, @TrumpChicago soars 92 levels over the Chicago River http://t.co/O6iLCR7AUy
.@robbreport Best 2013 Golf Courses: Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland. Great honor, great magazine—thanks!  http://t.co/fcgyn2yH54
@onedaddy26 Yes.
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday’s episode of @KatieShow with @KatieCouric: http://t.co/7cN2yzp8mN
\"@fossilfiend7: @realDonaldTrump @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Well, that explains why I have no desire to read that garbage!\"
\"@New0rleans_Lady: I pray he does well,&amp; the 10 yr old girl on the list, gets law changd &amp; gets her new lung as well.@realDonaldTrump
@jakewittman   Happy birthday!
\"@AndyShinberger: @realDonaldTrump people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don't hate you, they hate themselves!
\"@LungQuest: @fundanything @realDonaldTrump A donor was found! James goes into the OR tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope\"
\"@ForHomeSales: @realDonaldTrump been a big fan since I read Art of Deal when I was 22.\"  Great!
\"@BethAndersonEsq: I would love a tweet back from the uber-famous @realDonaldTrump! How do you do it all?\"   I often ask myself that same Q!
\"@Matt_Cad: @realDonaldTrump Why do so many people despise you?\"  Because I am so handsome!
\"@mikepassmore: Big mistake! Wrong decision by @Lord_Sugar in #theapprentice - you need to take advice from @realDonaldTrump.
@mikepassmore   So true Mike.
\"@KrissySummers88: @realDonaldTrump @TheOaklandPress Awesome! I'm from Michigan.Thanks-the crowd was great and I loved making that speech!
\"Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.\" - Golda Meir
@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn.
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
Via @advisorsource: \"Donald Trump speaks in Novi, drawing largest crowd in Oakland County Republican Party's history\"http://t.co/GSzXcz2hqz
Via @TheOaklandPress \"Donald Trump speaks in Novi(Michigan), draws record-breaking crowd\" http://t.co/Bqf91zaEgh
\"Use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong\" - Think Big
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
I can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks Tanja
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
I'm giving away money- go to http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD . Take it from me! Proud of the #FundAnything team.
We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
Scary. Our military is a using a Chinese made satellite for North Africa command communications http://t.co/054Ext5c1A
Visit @Fund_Anything at http://t.co/W0MDqPckX4 to see my picks! #FundAnything
.@myfoxny discussing NYPD Chief Kelly’s great record &amp; the launch of the crowdfunding site http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD http://t.co/X9D0Somj3J
Via @CNNMoney: \"Donald Trump gets into crowdfunding\" http://t.co/uguSSXyTO2 #FundAnything
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
What a great time we just had in the atrium of Tump Tower for http://t.co/tSLfuNNAPI. The place was happy and packed!
I gave away money. Go to http://t.co/uW8lZeSVrD to see how I'm helping people. #FundAnything #Entrepreneurs \n#GiveBack
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
@abaldwin31 Thanks.
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
\"@rosannascotto: Why are you giving away money this am @realDonaldTrump ?\"  Because so many people need help!
\"@calikal69: @realDonaldTrump what do you think of @billmaher?\"   I don't think of Bill Maher - and nobody else does either.
\"@MarkDRucker1: @realDonaldTrump I wish you'd spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. I only tear down losers.
\"@jgarrett214: \"@PrayaHater: @realDonaldTrump Go on his show and teach him how its done!\" No joke writers.  He is soft and easy.
\"@asmarks18: @realDonaldTrump I dont care for Stewart but do you ever shut up?\"  I never give up!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
\"@ChrisCJackson: @realDonaldTrump I'm pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second.\" Sorry, no-one else can satisfy her!
\"@gdelag: @realDonaldTrump @rodmonium91 Just ck how many followers have each follower.  But I notice you follow loser-boredom without Trump!
\"@jgarrett214: @realDonaldTrump you do realize that @ApprenticeNBC has raised MILLIONS for great charities, right? #celebapprentice\"  YES!
\"@rodmonium91: @realDonaldTrump Any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers?\"  No,I'm too cheap!
\"@Suzmo816: @realDonaldTrump She could share an apartment with Casey Anthony!\"  Very witty but not very funny!
@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!
@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!
\"@JoshIs: Super happy to #unsubscribe @realDonaldTrump now that his asinine election antics are over. Then don't talk, do it asshole!
\"@sherlock1313: .@realDonaldTrump Is there nothing that u don't pretend to be an expert at?\"  No, absolutely nothing!
@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!
@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
\"@Heaveenly: @realDonaldTrump how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers\"  Great-like owning The New York Times without the lo$$es! .
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
\"@TroyMoe1: @realDonaldTrump mark Sanford just won his house seat back so maybe Jodi can run against Hillary in 2016\"
\"@NickBrinley: @realDonaldTrump If they're \"unreported,\" how do you know there's 26,000 of them?\"  Reported tonight by all major newscasts.
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
\"@shiveringgoat: @realDonaldTrump These poor guys were PROVEN INNOCENT!  Oh really,  weren't these \"poor guys\" mugging other people in Park?
\"@MrWayneRock: @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Where Fred Christ Trump (father of The Donald) started THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. Never saw-Really great
\"@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump So true; from the 2 Best of all time Ruth and Trump.\"  Really cool!
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Via @TVbytheNumbers: 'Celebrity Apprentice' is Number 1 among ABC, CBS &amp; NBC for its Second Hour from 10-11 p.m. http://t.co/mz8RMP9ylC
NBC terminates \"The Chris Matthews Show\" http://t.co/HgkSlTwtV5
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
Fracking poses ZERO health risks http://t.co/bXsJ6MKZGH  In fact, it increases our national security by making us energy independent.
\"Trump Making GOP Speech — Is 2016 in the Cards?\" http://t.co/6i9uPERzYI via @Newsmax_Media
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Via @AP on @washingtonpost: \"Trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former Kluge estate in rural Virginia\" http://t.co/Bc2KBQcfkZ
See story in The Scotsman re: wind turbines- http://t.co/PCTS0EST7J
The people of Scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. See Press and Journal- http://t.co/PVMNLLVNrG
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the \"power 100\" list in NY......
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
\"@DCGiesII: Maybe @realDonaldTrump was right about his course being better than Quail Hollow\"  Trump National-Charlotte is better than Q.H.
\"@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day\"YES!
\"@TMPLUSII: @realDonaldTrump Thanks for buying Doral! There is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. Hope to play it one day\"
\"@steveturk182: @realDonaldTrump what is your favorite book that you have authored?\"  Art of the Deal!
\"@jamescoleman07: @realDonaldTrump Thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! YOU define SUCCESS! THANK YOU!\"   Very nice-thanks
\"@Joe_Mangieri: Going to @Macys this weekend to get @realDonaldTrump ties! What's your favorite color Mr. Trump?\"  Blue but all are great!
\"@JwalkerKid: @realDonaldTrump IT'S AMAZING HOW YOU KEEP YOUR SUCCESS GOING THIS FAR KEEP IT UP !!\"  Thanks!
\"@koos32: @realDonaldTrump Congrats on all your success! You are a great role model!\"   Thanks!
\"@Keegs_Dad: @realDonaldTrump I've been a fan of yours for almost 25 years\"    Wow, great!
\"@AlbertoSidney: @realDonaldTrump excellent service #Doral\"  Thanld.
@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!
\"@tdudz5: @marinedad20 @realdonaldtrump sure you do! Celebrity Apprentice is nothing without Trumps influence.\"   True and thanks!
\"@Thaddalicious: @realDonaldTrump I love you\"   Thanks!
\"@angryjustint: @realDonaldTrump is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs!\"  Thanks Justin and work hard!
\"@ELewie1994: @realDonaldTrump Ever going to return to WWE and have your $$$ fall down from the sky?\"  Up to Vince M.
\"@FillingerJoanne: @realDonaldTrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone I said so. You my BFF\"  Thanks Joanne!
\"@BearMountainCR: @realDonaldTrump Did you ever think you would have a TV series outside of R.E.?\"  Never!
\"@gharo34: @realDonaldTrump Not only is your IQ somewhere between Barack Obama and G.W.Bush...but you're entertaining!\"Much higher than both
\"@royroper: @realDonaldTrump we need to get the unemployed back to work.\"  That is a big part of the answer!
@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
\"@DeannaSpillyard: @realdonaldtrump You are a very wise man Mr. T! Love your tweets.\"  Thanks.
\"@tdudz5: @realDonaldTrump @liljon @apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t.  That is true!\"
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@Chadillac107 True and thanks!
“The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve Jobs
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted, everybody is suing him, he’ll have nothing left
@Tokodi1  See Trump Tower!
@DPMurphy93 That's true--they all ask!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Do executives at @msnbc know that the business of TV centers on viewers &amp; ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable http://t.co/lXPVsOpadu Sad.
My @showbiztonight interview on @KhloeKardashian, @ApprenticeNBC &amp; my surprising TV career http://t.co/NonKlNH5PE
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.
@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packed—really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
\"@Maddie_Rene: @realDonaldTrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the US. freeing up the market.Thanks
\"@_Hub__: @realDonaldTrump: Grew up in family business at a time when passion &amp; competitiveness were the norm. We have lost that Trump drive
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
\"@CindyKempl: @realDonaldTrump : Mr Trump, I personally enjoy your tweets! Some are very informative! Thank you for your words of wisdom!\"
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
\"@Tsheppe: @realDonaldTrump I have on the sharpest blue Trump tie on today. Going to win!\"   Go get 'em!
\"@maddiknick: @realDonaldTrump makes me laugh. I'm so glad I found him on Twitter. I'll always be a fan! #Trumptastic\" Thanks!
\"@TEAM_ACKMANN: i'm about one more tweet away from unfollowing @realDonaldTrump and following Mac Miller.You'll be bored and back very fast!
\"@TEAM_ACKMANN: @realDonaldTrump how do you really feel about Mac Miller?  He used my name without my permission and song became a Great hit
\"@Mimekiller: @realDonaldTrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike Tyson?\" Oh, I guess I'm not a racist!
\"@WLynton: @realDonaldTrump Why don't you just block the morons that try annoy you?\" They make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort!
\"@WeskusOuma: @realDonaldTrump What other attacks?\"  Read the transcripts etc.
\"@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump they were \"wildin\", they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people?
\"@mtomassetti22: @realDonaldTrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired?\" No, but they should state the true facts-no angels!
\"@Bostonred: @realDonaldTrump Where is the evidence ?\" All over the place!
\"@coolboybrand: @realDonaldTrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the Park!,
\"@Fun_Foy: @realDonaldTrump Didn't some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime?\" Yes, but they committed other attacks!
@RamboFo  Great!
@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
\"@Buford330Leon: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is not a match, Go Mr Trump.\"  Thanks, I will.
\"@britonian: @realDonaldTrump lol ur delusional. He's got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!!\" Wrong dummy-no.contest!
\"@Ilovethejays: @realDonaldTrump I'm finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveit\"  Great!
\"@Jenil93_: @realDonaldTrump No melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. On the contrary increased ice in Antarctica
\"@carolbell04: @realDonaldTrump this season of the appentance is great\"   Thanks!
\"@MasSergio: @realDonaldTrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back!\" That won't happen without new leadership!
\"@EllaMaeBe: @realDonaldTrump @11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... I would die without it!!\"  And so would others!
@DoroMundo   Thanks!
\"@backupwraith: i firmly believe that @realDonaldTrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all.\"A great compliment!
\"@SCardamenis: @realDonaldTrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 Jon Stewart is MUCH smarter than you. Jon L isn't even close!
\"@SupadupaNycee: @realDonaldTrump but they didn't do it you wished death on innocent children\" - who were brutally attacking people in Park!
\"@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading\"  Not misleading, very truthful!
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these \"innocent\" boys were doing?
\"@Davyshanks: Advertising Standards Authority has ruled @realDonaldTrump anti-windfarm ad misleading. Political ruling to save joker Salmond
@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
\"@craigdevlin: @realDonaldTrump @11SHEILA11 Please run for president, Jon Stewart would destroy you!\"  Jon (L) is not smart enough!
@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!
@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
\"@11SHEILA11: @realDonaldTrump Why dont you just get in there and run for President? you got all our votes\"  Thanks!
@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!
\"@Lrac_Samoht: @realDonaldTrump ... And now Ur an expert on gun control ... Is there anything Ur not an expert on?   No!
\"@blakeamorrow: @realDonaldTrump ha! Cuban got lucky. Trump is a genius. Hope to see you at the top one day sir.\"  Great, hopefully soon!
\"@kayceelaw: @realDonaldTrump A great mind...And a role model.\" Thanks!
\"@theimpregnable: @realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?.\"  Love of my family, Country and work!
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me. http://t.co/Uny6w86GS2
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
W/ spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views, @TrumpGolfLA is the top luxury public golf course in the country http://t.co/MYiwkyfiVU
Obama’s $1T+ deficit budget expanded welfare &amp; green cronyism &amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half http://t.co/JNJRVIMW3B
Druggie A-Rod, @MLB’s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.
@GauravK725  Great!
@blake1swanson Thanks.
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists http://t.co/bso3k1pR7l
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
@KathyLooper Thanks.
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
@Y0itsbeau Well, I would make America great again.
@handyrachet Flattery!
@puffy61 @Real_LukasHall Thanks.
@dandeloof @mcuban Wrong--he started it, I finished it!
@MusicByEthan Thank you.
@LUSHPILLAI @TrumpLasVegas Thanks.
@LarryRobertWyat Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks.
\"@Real_LukasHall: Starting to follow the Donald has been one of my better decisions lately @realDonaldTrump\"  That's great!
\"@Doug_E_Fresh2: @realDonaldTrump is definitely a legend. A real man among men.\"  Thanks Doug, I like you tooooo!
\"@slabrunojr: @realDonaldTrump @anthonyskwiat @QueyNewton Cuban could buy and sell Trump 2x!!\"  Wrong moron, the opposite times 4.
\"@_KateMorgan_: I'd say @realDonaldTrump is a legend\"  I work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks!
\"@leebestt: @realDonaldTrump His opponent should not agree to any debates as I am sure he is a master.\"  Re me?  Thanks!
\"@anthonyskwiat: @QueyNewton @realdonaldtrump ya because mark Cuban is an arrogant punk compared to Donald who's a living legend\" Thanks!
@_CASSmoney_  Thanks!
“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
Obama’s proposed budget has another middle class tax hike http://t.co/DHp3L2DdQj Enjoy!
“Donald Trump Wishes Kristen Stewart A Happy Birthday” http://t.co/UMN4QpgmHN via @HollywoodLife
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog - http://t.co/RbD4ihqTom
@AlxG21  Thank you!
@DanSt_Schwind Thanks--and good luck.
@SandeepSrih @TrumpChicago   Thanks!
@RogerBiles @EricLahti929 @nbc   Thanks!
My @HollywoodLife interview w/ @MELANIATRUMP discussing her debut on @ApprenticeNBC &amp; her skin care line http://t.co/UMN4QpgmHN
\"@mersjm1: @realDonaldTrump Why did you get this tattoo?!!!? http://t.co/SGI4oBcWp6\"  I never got a tattoo and never would!
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
\"@EricLahti929: @realDonaldTrump @nbc -- I say more Mr. Trump and less everything else on your network!\" Thanks Eric, many agree!
\"@SoCalCharles: @realDonaldTrump @mbb2792 @WWE People still watch that?\" Thanks!
\"@davidgrieve: @realDonaldTrump what’s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? :( @ApprenticeNBC\" Going back to two hours - ratings
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
\"@mbb2792: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @WWE\"  Sorry haters, but  people loved my WWEHOF speech as you saw last night
\"@CpacDean: @realDonaldTrump you've raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind\"
\"@aakash4cesc: @realDonaldTrump will never forget the way u shaved vince's head and money fall !! U deserved to be in WWE HOF\"  Thanks!
@BrosHoban  Thanks!
\"@bryanice1: Ending my life. Thanks @realDonaldTrump!  Bryan, don't do it - you have everything to live for!
@riggs_deb
@Brian_Legit
@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow
@StephenHCornell
@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller
@thefarfar
\"@miketilley13: Prepping for my job interview by reading \"The Art of the Deal\" by @realDonaldTrump Inspirational\"  Good luck Mike!
With fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at MSG. #WWEHOF http://t.co/vwomJQMmo4
Class of 2013. #WWEHOF http://t.co/e3sn5WhbTS
Talking with @SammartinoBruno backstage- http://t.co/jIYw6Tjja0 #WWEHOF
\"@kennyp1966: @realDonaldTrump nice looking family! Of all your accomplishments, your family has to be your greatest\"
\"@VirginiaDG: #ProudToBeAFanOf very successful and inspiring @realDonaldTrump\"
What a great group! http://t.co/NTtjAWnrnU With @Schwarzenegger, @SammartinoBruno, and @TripleH. #WWEHOF
\"@PrinceWatercres: @VinceMcMahon inducts @realDonaldTrump, huh? Can't picture anyone else doing this. #WWEHOF\"
\"@K33MOTHERAPY: @realDonaldTrump #Trump Is HOF !\" Thanks!
\"@WWEmarissa_54: @realDonaldTrump and @VinceMcMahon at #WM23 was so great! That is a moment I will NEVER forget! @WWE #HOF\"  Thanks.Marissa!
Fellow inductee @SammartinoBruno and me. #WWEHOF http://t.co/B3qYZS4Ptc
Here I am with @trishstratuscom #WWEHOF http://t.co/eRU4iewrxM
Watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #WWEHOF. http://t.co/NvmU0GfFPn
Family group shot. #WWEHOF http://t.co/Q4kwLrWxI4
Another one of me on stage. #WWEHOF http://t.co/fBxho8MWgh
Making my speech. #WWEHOF http://t.co/aJInsaEbug
Vince McMahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in WWE History. #WWEHOF http://t.co/5VW83b5EfZ
Always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #WWEHOF. http://t.co/FTcHOuhoLZ
Watching the show. #WWEHOF http://t.co/64ck6O78h3
.@JerryLawler was terrific. #WWEHOF http://t.co/0pOoh6ixWC
\"@Scooter41471: @realDonaldTrump congrats on the run with the show, been a staple for years on NBC\" Thanks Scott!
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field.
Now AP is banning the term \"illegal immigrants\" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
Obama just bought the Afghan Police $288M in ammo http://t.co/PpW4oXKM0K  Make no mistake,  some of these will be shot at our troops.
The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
“Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the Message
\"Millions Could Get Surprise Tax Bills Under ‘Obamacare’ If They Don’t Accurately Project Their Income\" http://t.co/4bXfmA4jxy \\
RT @RealBHorowitz: @VinceMcMahon @realDonaldTrump @WWE My two favorite billionaires!
\"@VinceMcMahon To Make His Second-Ever Hall Of Fame Induction\" http://t.co/J4KKaRmrAK via @WrestlingInc  #WWEHOF #Billionaires
Video in honor of the 100th Anniversary  of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL):  “Imagine a World Without Hate” http://t.co/LWbuwYdXpu
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
\"@FuriousBlaze: @realDonaldTrump @WWE You deserve it can't wait to watch you go in. I'll be there.
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with \"global warming\"?  Good move changing the name to \"climate change\" - sad!
@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others).
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
@slainsview Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!
@jessilin02  Fantastic food--thanks.
@spewrange Thanks--@HowardStern is great!
@CreelKen  Hope I do well!
@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money.
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.
@nashvillebobby Thanks Bobby.
@MisterMcFlee Thanks--and good luck!
@thedealszone @washtimes Thank you.
@SmallTwnBigNews Kate--All my best wishes to you.
@TheMayorMatt  Interesting and often true!
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
Via @RoyalOakPatch: \"Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1,000 Scholarship &amp; Meet Donald Trump\" http://t.co/nyatYnkz3O
Last night's @extratv 's interview by @MarioLopezExtra of gorgeous 2012 @MissUniverse @oliviaculpo http://t.co/W00xFiWw0I  Great job!
In case you missed it, last week's @extratv interview  with @AJCalloway discussing Tiger Woods &amp; much more http://t.co/2WrbUpiP0W
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!
\"@Champion278: @realDonaldTrump I have to say your a better host than Alan sugar who does the uk version\"    Thanks!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
@MartinFagervik  Win!
@RealHotwaffles Thanks.
@chrisr52 Happy Birthday Christine.
@balloon_69 @AFCHaywards  Good luck!
@miawesbrooks @dcexaminer Very nice!
@MsCattitude1 @ApprenticeNBC Great and thanks.
@nycal821 @nbc @CelebApprentice Thanks Cheryl.
My shirts, ties &amp; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
Shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @FoxNews is factual http://t.co/4VV5VzpAvJ  What a surprise!
. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
@t_thabane Happy Birthday.
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
“Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101
@DolehNYC Quite nice, thanks!
@bburt2367 Trump, by far!
@ChesterStarr @hardball_chris Chester--unreal.
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great!
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
@FatmaEmadi Thank you.
@jaynielea Thanks Jaynie.
@jcfields13  Thanks Jason.
@yokoono John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
“Donald Trump Takes on Apple @CPACnews” http://t.co/gMk9tEBX7R via @kmbznews
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
.@SouthJerseyMag, “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
@tinaclean Yes and best wishes.
@MandMpanelbeat Thanks and good luck.
@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the \"New\" Blue Monster @DoralResort
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
Via @politico: \"Donald Trump to get more CPAC time than Marco Rubio\" http://t.co/tmaQY6EUl0 @CPACnews knows how to prioritize!
@heyavampirebat Good idea--I wish him luck.
@vcross8 Agreed, they're doing a great job.
It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
\"Obama Spurns Trump Offer to Foot White House Tours\" http://t.co/SRmOzoijSW via @Newsmax_Media
@msmarjc Thanks Mary.
@hrtbrknomore74 Thanks and good luck.
@karlbstumpf Yes and thanks.
@grantgphoto My best wishes.
Help save the lives of our troops.Our #vets suffering from TBI/PTS need treatment @makeitvisible Donate to http://t.co/DmUbLiVfxP
Help fight autism--go to http://t.co/QLmCf48aWb,  website for http://t.co/MQeWJcNir3, donations &amp; government activation.
Autism Speaks, head up by Bob &amp; Suzanne Wright, does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! To help: http://t.co/QLmCf48aWb
@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!
\"Trump has big plans for improving @DoralResort\" http://t.co/OCGx6P1Afv via @nbc's @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp
@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!
@Raul_Esquire  Thanks Raul.
@rcmillershow Thank you.
@jlynn_12  Thanks Jessica.
@xo_deannayoung Good subject, good luck!
My interview w/ @nbc6 re: @CadillacChamp &amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump @DoralResort http://t.co/qM7Zpaias2
It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
Via @BreitbartNews @biggovt: \"DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC\" http://t.co/8SuOqD2sQ6 by @michaelpleahy
RT @MollyCBraswell: WHAT?! @realDonaldTrump is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became, like, a hundred times more awesome!
Via @GolfweekMag: \"Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral\" http://t.co/knonn3fjPA by @BKleinGolfweek
Via @FOXSports: \"Trump 'blowing up' @DoralResort after WGC-@CadillacChamp\" http://t.co/Vjhtx9CXjZ by @AP
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
@CrewSawyer It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.
RT @CPACnews: ACU Announces @realDonaldTrump will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013!  Get tickets today at http://t.co/DtCbF2iWsl!
.@DeeSnider, @StephenBaldwin7, and the rest of your favorites are back! All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday... http://t.co/HgtY00PY4Q
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY.... http://t.co/pjMVG50pXv
Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!
Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!
@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.
@clstromgren Many people have said that.
@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!
@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Where’s the problem?
\"@mrsafetyman110: @realDonaldTrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet\"  Just have no choice but to move forward.
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
@WetzelDrake @ApprenticeNBC Thanks.
@ed_the_honest Thanks Ed.
@stacihogan  True!
@nal53199  I will.
@CraryJohn There is none.
@TexasBlingMom Interesting.
@BrooksStephen @marissamayer True and thanks.
@kat3500 Fantastic.
@sdcrane @marissamayer Excellent.
@scotty752 Thanks Scott.
@lynk339  Thanks.
What is wrong with the @GOP? Now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to Obama http://t.co/suADjO8dm0 Pathetic.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
The Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is Florida’s premiere golf-tournament. I'll be there! Tickets available here: http://t.co/ASKmlsjaOL
My @todayshow show interview with @IvankaTrump discussing the fierce competition in All-Star @CelebApprentice http://t.co/utHv15BhYN
My interview w/ @WendyWilliams on @WendyShow discussing @MichelleObama's bangs &amp; All-Star @CelebApprentice http://t.co/AeL7q5uNL3!
Via @WWE: \"Donald Trump announced for WWE Hall of Fame\" http://t.co/2mIN4GnTIX
Flashback: \"Donald Trump: $200M plan for Doral\" http://t.co/oQacXJR2oL via @ESPNGolf. Trump Doral's @cadillacchamp is one week away!
Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
@RyanTheDee  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
@TheRealChosen1 Thanks and good luck.
@ialia  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
@emanaydin  Made a mistake but will recover.
@pfgabriel  Yes and thanks.
@Thomasbrennan01 Great architect!
@BrianSchnitzler I often ask that question myself.
@Lifelongcane  True and thanks.
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
My @LateNightJimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of All-Star @CelebApprentice http://t.co/7TkGkF0Up9
\"Must-see morning clip: Donald Trump addresses Lil Wayne tweet and 'Celebrity Apprentice'\"http://t.co/ozoAePwPeL  via @Salon
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
Via @TODAY_Clicker: \"Donald Trump promises 'tough and mean and nasty' 'Celebrity Apprentice'\" http://t.co/wI4TsEQDpE
The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church...
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. http://t.co/6EI29eLGmn
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
…..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
@amize_ @mcuban  I win, no contest!
\"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have  imagined.\" --\nHenry  David Thoreau
Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success”  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
@HvrhRump I will--thanks--\"Success\" is fantastic.
@pga4terry @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks Terry.
@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
@scherroe  Amy is terrific!
@jtalboy @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  True!
@GjelajG @ForQ2  Thanks--very nice.
@IngrahamAngle Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!
@seehorse72  Thanks Kim.
@Thomasblack2013 Sunday March 3rd on @NBC at 9 PM EST
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
@bkfViking123 Thanks Bryon.
@KyMdeLange  Wow, what a great honor--thanks.
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
@Trish3D @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  He's great!
@pzpower @WWE  Vince is fantastic!
\"@RyanTheDee: @realDonaldTrump I had a look round Trump International Golf Course in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is Stunning.\" Thanks
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
\"@andrezakar: @realDonaldTrump just bought a Trump series mattress.... Awesome and exactly what you expect from Trump.\" Thanks
\"@b_stander: @realDonaldTrump I read your books, and I think America would do itself a favor to elect you as President.\"  Thanks.
@KarsynSharp
\"@blueice67: @realDonaldTrump can't wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice\"   Thanks.
\"@kaskman2: @realDonaldTrump Can't wait for Apprentice to start up again , i have watched Every Season #yourfired\" Thanks.
\"@melissa7889: @realDonaldTrump @JRACKER33 you should run for president!\" Thanks,very nice!
\"@my_deeary: I wish @realDonaldTrump would teach me all his little secrets to success\"  Good idea!
\"@GringaLinds: @realDonaldTrump Donald I watched you on Fallon. I love you and always have. How bout a tweet back :)\" Thanks.
\"@Paul_Christidis: @realDonaldTrump You are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment\" Thanks.
\"@rpbriggs: @realDonaldTrump on @HowardStern tomorrow morning is going to be great. Donald is such an entertaining interview.\" Thanks.
\"@JRACKER33: @realDonaldTrump 2016... Running for President? #Trump2016\" Thanks.
@JaylonSeales
\"@CrimmsNchin: @realDonaldTrump your the man Donald . #Trump16\" Thanks.
\"@EliTheFourth: .@realDonaldTrump, I emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. I look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accredited\"  Thanks.
\"@ChrisCannizzo7: @realDonaldTrump great appearance!\"  Thanks.
\"@camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps @realdonaldtrump\"          Thanks.
\"@mailloua: @realDonaldTrump The all star @ApprenticeNBC looks awesome from the clip I just watched on @jimmyfallon!!!\"    Thanks.
\"@RileyJSwanson: Donald is a stud. On Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon tonight, he was sharp as a tack. @realDonaldTrump\"   Thanks.
\"@taliahfogal: One of my favorite celeb that I follow is definitely @realDonaldTrump, hands down #success #truth\"  Thanks.
\"@jesscot: @kuhpuh @pennjillette awwww... I freakin love celeb apprentice and @realDonaldTrump &amp; @bretmichaels\" Thanks.
@HoppMar. Great and thanks.
\"@MrMikeLobikis: @realDonaldTrump Proud of you, bruh.\" Thanks!
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
\"@Peace_Janise: @realDonaldTrump I'll be watching! Break a Leg!\" Thanks.
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!
@jschwab2. Thanks.
@RickyTheBitch. Thanks.
@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks.
@zachcb1. Thanks.
@sebspikes. Thanks.
@MissyNewman12. Thanks.
@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
@CATHCO9. Thanks.
@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony.
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
\"The Job\" on CBS, the 15th copy of The Apprentice, was just cancelled - I love it!
\"A  pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.\"  Harry S. Truman
@America4RandR.  Thanks!
@iCyberSurfer Thanks Paul.
@leatherneck03  Thanks and good luck!
@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!
@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!
@LoadedNightclub. Thanks.
Despite all the statements to the contrary, Obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone http://t.co/hZAtJ4Mg  Enjoy!
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good – we need it.
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
Via @kmovnewsfeed: \"Photos: Tour Donald Trump's NC golf club\" http://t.co/ZN5bPimk
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!
My @ WCNC News interview w/ @DianneG touring the magnificent Trump National Charlotte course &amp; facilities  http://t.co/Jhnw0jOg
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
...While I fully agree, it is not politically correct!  http://t.co/SpE1Y14w
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
My ties &amp; shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!
Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
@tommo1903 Thanks Craig!
@josephc45  Do you understand sarcasm?
@TGSituation  Thanks Tyler.
@walexjoe9   Thanks!
@bguzqueda Thanks Boris, good luck.
@Josephciarla Thanks Joseph.
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.
@angieevanhorn  Thanks Angie for your comments.
@scottgray0622  Thanks Scott. .
@TaylorSangOrDie Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
@JerryYanks  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
@BobLo_Lady  Thanks.
@Ralphige Thanks!
@tylerponton I will.
@louriz  Thanks Lou.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes.
@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks.
@mrstuckerx.  Thanks.
Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
@chinnis_28  Today.
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
@marrs_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!
@bragg_tina Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”
@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
@ECNew_York  Thanks!
@yadapup I will try!
@paulkay220  Great and thanks Paul.
@CaptainNdiet  It will be great!
What a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending http://t.co/nHRFTsJd  Wait until 2014 when Obama Care is fully implemented.
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!
@TheJBish @billmaher You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television.
@79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
@mrdemain27 Thanks Darren.
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
@MamaBabyHood  Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.
@mattwalker1809 Anytime!
@BeckettGOP Thanks Brian and good luck.
@JulesPQ Thanks--glad it was good.
@DellaAdame Much worse!
@Emeka89 Thanks!
@steffanpiper Very good!
@Sunderscore20 Very nice--thank you!
@jma187 @billmaher Interesting!
@KenToidi8 @billmaher Yes, but we must act soon.
@droppinloads29 @billmaher @Rosie But Rosie is smarter than @billmaher
.@SenRandPaul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@NMcCay  Yes.
@ZKoppe Work hard!
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
@nydave77 Good luck!
@ixfor  Okay, great!
@amelionaire69 Thanks Amelia!
@jesslivin Hi Jessica and thanks.
@KariDAway2388 Thanks Kari.
@JarredPolseno Thanks Jarred.
@DalHines  Thanks--they are good kids!
“The harder you work, the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player
@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
@TRACECOWGIRL @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice .@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy!
@rubletz True--isn't it sad!
@eddiecash23 Great and best of luck!
@RVPAndrewZ Looking forward to it--thanks.
@parrguy Thanks Tom.
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.
@ellis38671w Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck.
@harrell_kelly Thanks Kelly.
@EAWIII  Thanks and good luck.
@madisonjar  Yes.
@JUrciuoli19 Not a bad idea--thanks!
@Justinjacosalem Thanks--but they should get a life.
@Belloved21  Very nice, thanks Rachel.
@assyrianvoice Thanks.
@bfree007 Definitely worth it.
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
@MichaelCoffey1  I hope so!
@Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city!
@Jagadis63 Thank you.
@markrucci @e_hig  Great going Mark.
@IdiotSavant24 @billmaher Thanks!
@JoanneEileen Thank you.
@AGNateLee  Great!
“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911–June 5, 2004)
@jeannewmanglock  In Charlottesville, Virginia...
My @TMZ interview with @HarveyLevinTMZ discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against @billmaher to the end http://t.co/baL5LJ78
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
Terrible CBO forecast for 2013--1.4% GDP growth and 7.5%+ unemployment (really 17%+) http://t.co/B9Q7UowK  You get what you vote for!
Now A-Rod is claiming that @MLB and @yankees are \"out to get him' http://t.co/GEZQWhHG  He should just get the hell out of NYC already!
@cmtoms101 @RightWingB Thanks, enjoy.
@MFBrooklyn True and thank you.
@odogpundit Thanks Owen.
@Jaine004 Thanks Jane.
@RicardoHernanG @CelebApprentice  Thanks Ricardo.
@DeedsJames  Thanks.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Just as I predicted, immigration reform will increase the cost of ObamaCare over $300B http://t.co/CmDQ20a2 More money borrowed from China.
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  http://t.co/LeSD4aA3 http://t.co/ZSITLh8C
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new 'ally' the Muslim Brotherhood hosted Ahmadinejad yesterday http://t.co/KO4Ptps3  No more aid.
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
@JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins Okay thanks.
Via @Newsmax_Media: Maher Being Sued by Trump Over Birth Certificate Bet on 'Tonight Show' http://t.co/6a1rJoUz
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
@phillykayman @sternshow  Thanks Andrew.
@TheRaja22 @sternshow Thanks.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@SMarsh7818 @Stern100 Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
@jtthebossman Thanks Jack!
@JoeStocks Thanks--will do.
@paulmilton28 @HowardStern Thanks Paul.
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @UncleRUSH  Thanks.
@bahia6085 True and thank you.
@spewrange @sternshow Thanks.
@NASCARNAC Thanks Ric.
@DerekPringle2 Appears that you are.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@NathalieS_29  Thanks Nathalie.
@moogoo3544 Thanks.
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
@KatherineTrunk Thank you.
@neilcromie Be smart &amp; work hard!
@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!
@HaiderMadHatter Speak to Vince.
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  Which hotel?
“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
@missshavon1 @CelebApprentice Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
\"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.\" - Napoleon Bonaparte
\"Go with your gut. Take chances. If you think you have the ingredients that you need, take chances, because your biggest successes...
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works.\" - Think Big
Obama's speech in Las Vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $1.6M  http://t.co/W7OVfZvz  More money borrowed from China.
Pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for NYC political run. http://t.co/yb1xvK9m
I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
@Phatsdad  Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!
@Santini1014  Thanks--a great building.
@firefighter8597  I love that idea!
@RaydelMusic  That's great--you will love what we are doing!
@mena_le  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  I agree!
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood, just called the Holocaust a \"myth\" http://t.co/j7UmloXk
RT @theRealKiyosaki: Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect &amp; form a new innovation
Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
.@yankees are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning http://t.co/9KxXa3CL @yankees don't want him.
Flashback: \"Donald Trump would fire A-Rod\" http://t.co/HtcHau5w via @espn, 10.17.12
Another nasty season premieres Sunday, March 3rd at 9/8c on NBC! http://t.co/qWh8FEmm
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming \"All-Star\" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
.@AlexSalmond See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities http://t.co/ZzeV8SfK
“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big
Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
@LoriWedgewood  Thanks.
@tjljunior @billmaher Let's see!
@VintageSmitty Eric--True!
@NLaSpada7  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
@cGjeezy Tea.
@donhall5  Don--a terrible story (fact).
@JustinHHSC  Wow--that's really nice!
\"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life.” - Think Big
Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
.@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012”  ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy!
@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.
@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.
@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott.
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.
@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!
@GZervs  Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
@mamaberg63  True!
@unique4x  Thanks.
@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!
@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.
@brogfro  That's true!
@trentdav  Thanks.
In 2010 alone our trade deficit with China cost over 566,000 jobs http://t.co/u9gb8nY9  This is unsustainable for the American worker.
Health insurance premiums are rising by double digits http://t.co/9yE9RWFH  Another tax to the consumer by Obama Care.  Enjoy!
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural http://t.co/ny2KsoLs I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.'
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.
Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
Be sure to read my column in @cnni “Europe is terrific place for investment” http://t.co/pMcJU0Fs
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems.\"   - Think Big
The first ever All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC premieres Sunday March 3rd! http://t.co/52UMXtcE
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
@thesween_bean Thank you.
@msmaddiexo Thank you.
@manc999 Write to Mark Burnett.
@colinhaney Great!
@KingOf_Class Thank you.
@SimonNWrestler Thank you.
@kidsalty No
@MeeMawBellefleu Thank you- I did!
Does anyone remember this @BillMaher clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact, fired like a dog! http://t.co/Xekz6GTm
@billmaher has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
\"Experience is the teacher of all things.\" -  Julius Caesar
\"All successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you.\" - Think Big
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
Via @eonline: \"Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge\" http://t.co/Inbux7xv
@Jimmy_Farney @QueyNewton  Great -- Good luck James
@BradyMagic @EricTrump Thank you!
@HomesWestfield @EricTrump @MyFoxNY @rosannascotto @StJude  Thank you.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81,000 jobs in 2012 http://t.co/WexTe74I Trump Org had a record year.
This is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control http://t.co/buNU2IuD Welcome to his 2nd term.
\"Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense\" http://t.co/F0VqBNE0 via @NewYorkObserver
Hagel has been endorsed by China http://t.co/8zmnZgLr &amp; Iran http://t.co/ZHdfNN5k  for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
Watch @extratv's spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago http://t.co/ucAC22nL
@Tappersong  The opposite!
@brose783  Thanks. Good luck.
@aynbluefish  Interesting.
@DavidBlanch  Thanks (I think)!
@BrittanyToll @TheAuthenticKJ  Not true!
@YouCanCallMeR @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
@MissUSA2005  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
@milkncookies70  Not easy!
@nicolewalker20 I have and I do.
@Rosegalwines @RNC Many people agree.
@drehm010  Great, thanks.
@DJT_biggest_fan  Great!
@lilkubes  Great and thanks!
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
@marioraez1 Thanks.
@AuthenticSig22 Easier said than done!
@nolanitenyc  No.
@sandramdocer Happy New Year Sandra.
@Adam4integrity  True. @gretawire is great at what she does.
@TNMouth  Interesting!
@Samco42  No, but I hate incompetence.
@LEADERSMag  Great job!
@TracyN3109  Seems like it!
.@FranksFight  Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
@kristine_kaplan  Happy Birthday Kristine
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
.@RGIII &amp; @DangeRussWilson &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
“If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
New York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. http://t.co/7EYwIes5  Record amount visited Trump Tower.
Congrats to @GovernorCorbett--he's right to be suing @NCAA over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State http://t.co/XSX70Ibs
This ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
...Remember--I told you so.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
Medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving http://t.co/jKhiHnOT Bad for long term.
Via @HuffPostPol: “Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History'”\nhttp://t.co/A2gyhDix
.@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
“If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
Congratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
“I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal
\"Donald Trump praises @LilJon and welcomes him back to All Star @CelebApprentice\" http://t.co/65p9n4m9 via @HipHopNews24x7
The party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing. http://t.co/3GS4mh7C
My @foxandfriends interview from Monday discussing Obama’s tone, going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card http://t.co/SfHiP1kr
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Must read @WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies” http://t.co/j0eBmPhb
“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal
\"Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation, But They Don’t Know It\" http://t.co/nOelhtkI via @mediaite
My Monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations, making the big deal and who has the cards http://t.co/nftxdMC6
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair
@mattwiemeri  Thanks!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
@JNorr11  March 3rd.
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
This is a buyers’ market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Okay, I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
@agreatguy  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewart
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.” - Think Big
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
You get what you vote for.  21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013 http://t.co/ws2ITHkM
@Abspara @pennjillette @CelebApprentice  March 3rd. Tune in!
@BrettNPU32  Happy Birthday
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles. http://t.co/1AkHvq5U
No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
\"Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' \"  http://t.co/mdCfSdIh
For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
@RandyTotty @tjtotty  Happy Anniversary Teresa
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal…
…you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
@vincedelisi  Thanks!
@HoppMar  So do most smart people!
@PhillipMoodie Thank you.
@KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks.
@apoliticalbear @danabrams  True--thanks.
@riggs_deb  Thank you.
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
@KarlRove is such an embarrassment that @FoxNews is keeping him off air http://t.co/amke76xg Rove should be out of politics. A total loser!
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
@rodsandguitars @nbc  Thanks
@tommo1903 Thank you.
@Kevinsherwin Thank you
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp; really smart!
Via @scotsmandotcom:  “Awards for Trump’s golf course” http://t.co/pd1qHmQ9
@wtfagain @Beardymilne  You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
@Beardymilne @wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
@achieverdan Thanks
@damonpostal  Thanks
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
@SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland.
Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
@kleckhardt  Yes--it is great!
@swingtraining  Thanks Jeff.
@Danusia234 @SaintsFootyNews  Happy Birthday Andrew
@bf2088 Thanks--and good luck.
@Arnoldmuks  Thanks.
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions http://t.co/c9NuyPiX
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club http://t.co/iJNXp19Y The #1 public course in the country!
\"You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity.” -- The Way To The Top
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' http://t.co/Xjimd3KU  No surprise.
Pervert alert–serial sexter @RepWeiner is making another step towards a comeback http://t.co/69UrtKYG All girls under 18 should block him.
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations.\nhttp://t.co/77T7dnHW
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued” http://t.co/rHHCXhEQ
I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing!\nhttp://t.co/evfQOIPQ
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch
\"You can benefit from others’ wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer.” -- The Way To The Top
“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big
@RetroJohnny  Thanks
@callmemrwayne @realDonaldTrump @DebbieGibson  Thanks Debbie
@FromJoachim2You  A great place!
@utxgent  Thanks
\"It’s more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough, but they’re not smart.” – Think Like A Billionaire
@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.
@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.
@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.
@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
\"It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.\" -- Think Big
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
For those asking, my son, @EricTrump,   makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of  $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year http://t.co/jtmBTMgw  That's money that could be spent here.
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
\"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.\" -- Harry S. Truman
\"We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction.\" --  Douglas MacArthur
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
@riggs_deb @EricTrump  I agree, he is amazing.
@Relmark Thanks Mark
@GuitartrashJB  Thanks!
Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs.
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
A former classmate, Roy Eaton, has published a great book, “Makers, Shakers &amp; Takers” – check it out  http://t.co/TxH2C5OV
Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care http://t.co/OviEuDqW  The new reality.
Trump Towers, Istanbul, Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks  http://t.co/UXSiNXSR
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral. http://t.co/Z4e2hECP
\"I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.\"\n--Harry S. Truman
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing. http://t.co/txcIBkua
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: http://t.co/UgBCAMck
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
Help those affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. http://t.co/3MCkZEdp
\"You can have the best product in the world, but if people don't know about it, it's not going to be worth much.\" - The Art of the Deal
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin’ Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article… http://t.co/DQSHBWvw http://t.co/gt1eaZgv
“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Amazing, various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about... http://t.co/eKaTfj5l
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
We have to make America great again!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Brian, if I'm \"well past the last exit to relevance\" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
Brian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Well, back to the drawing board!
@dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
\"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.\" -- Dale Carnegie
@stass13 Thanks!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver &amp; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
#TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house http://t.co/joOBdhFU  w/ the most distinctive services.
How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records.
Looking at the figures and plans behind @Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid @AOL (cont) http://t.co/rO04RZDP
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media. http://t.co/eXJyiGeB
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-  http://t.co/yt7LPuME A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
.@oreillyfactor called me a \"master marketeer\" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come.
Part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @CelebApprentice spoilers &amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant http://t.co/8o8nz1PD
Part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama, #TRUMP Tower atrium, my tweets &amp; 57th st. crane http://t.co/AvLO9Inf
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd \"Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump.\"
Watch the clip from @Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency http://t.co/02ABDshA
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.\nPhoto: Lloyd Bishop/NBC http://t.co/P8yJrMqH
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
Just stated by a total pro: \"You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking.\"
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
RT @APCampaign:Trump to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records http://t.co/Cn8bn9LH #Election2012
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
RT @ReutersPolitics: Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records http://t.co/xCQbR1j2
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain, Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George W. Bush... http://t.co/V6VJbfzt
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
As stated, here is the press release. http://t.co/fJNq2IJW
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now, press release to follow at 12:15. http://t.co/fXrjjtDP
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 
#SuccessByTrump, exclusively available @Macy's, has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift http://t.co/Lr6ENhWA
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone http://t.co/6oXWvjnB Obama, just stop already.
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
Major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets &amp; @Patriots. I have a dilemma, I am good friends w/ both Woody (cont) http://t.co/latxc1K9
Under his administration, oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% http://t.co/1ZISkkn9  Obama did not tell truth last night.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
.@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
.@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont) http://t.co/qygbZxZZ
.@dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos &amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont) http://t.co/d10u18dh
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
@BillRancic  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout  http://t.co/ocd4ZHlD He is very selfish!
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
\"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries\"  http://t.co/VAisvQlh  via @Newsmax_Media
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
Remember, new \"environment friendly\"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's @NYPost  http://t.co/9sL1WhVF
Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
Via @espn: \"Donald Trump would fire A-Rod\"  http://t.co/kom7x1ZP
@marileenelson Thanks
My interview with @RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from @yankees &amp; how to terminate his contract http://t.co/dlErLZAE
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the \"biggies.\" It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
George Will said \"best debate he ever saw\". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows. 
Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said @MittRomney was \"a very successful investor\"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say \"let's get ready to rumble\"!
@usa67us  Thank you
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad\n http://t.co/VQI57pcd  Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an \"A\" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
Even with lower profit projections, American firms are still throwing money into China http://t.co/xRJlsxqB  Obama is killing investment.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
\"You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird.\"  -- @MittRomney
Consumer spending fell in September http://t.co/BG0U7bYz  Another indicator the 7.8% unemployment number is cooked.
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding http://t.co/1XB8OK2t  Do people think this is fair?
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate http://t.co/nkPWyb1m What is he thinking?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
\"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes.\" Be careful of voter fraud!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
\"I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this, there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin.\" -- Mitt
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
\"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.\" --Sun Tzu
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
In August, 2012, Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'  http://t.co/HgP9Kf1W  Good call!
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
@SiphoSimelane Thank you.
@escobedoantonio Thank you
@Lexi_Michaels  Yes, absolutely.
@escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up!
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland. \n http://t.co/zttJIArK
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
My @gretawire interview discussing @MittRomney debate responses, Obama's hidden records, my tweets and unemployment  http://t.co/XGUc2w66
I am very proud of Ivanka!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont) http://t.co/mraKH93c
@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011 http://t.co/0Fok04gl
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious http://t.co/rFLwJBxy   Media??
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market http://t.co/2Tgk3VIj
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
Must read column for all young people: \"Obama's war on young voters who elected him\"  http://t.co/ONgR13np
@ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU  Thank you
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU http://t.co/1H1iaeCd
\"Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'\"\n http://t.co/T0qG07JY via Moneynews @Newsmax_Media
A clip of my @LibertyU speech talking about the importance of the election &amp; our country's potential http://t.co/1H1iaeCd via@washingtonpost
\"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.\"  -- Aristotle
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
Pres. O -- a \"bump in the road\" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Hope &amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama http://t.co/cfM5RWYt  Four more years?
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you \"can't change Washington from the inside.\" Not what he said in '09. http://t.co/xCnCD6RN
.@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
\"Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'\" http://t.co/rFzb4VqU via @Newsmax_Media
Via @Newsmax_Media: \"Romney Said Nothing Wrong\" http://t.co/9Iz82ygi
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
Via @washingtonpost: \"The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood\" by @CapehartJ  http://t.co/nxz1dYLb
My @gretawire interview \n http://t.co/eNgkidCD
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
@danojano @AFreespeechzone  Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
@angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels Tune in!
@RowRee It will be fantastic!
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
\"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to @Israel.\" -- @IsraeliPM @netanyahu
No surprise. @DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets http://t.co/Q6BpWj0I  Did they mean to honor the Russians?
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
\"It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont) http://t.co/NNyJdQGy
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House http://t.co/WKhZV1Op  but doesn't have time for @netanyahu?
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace, (cont) http://t.co/HVtjKSNN
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
Obama doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan--all (cont) http://t.co/TzsrGrEm
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya &amp; take the (cont) http://t.co/Jxi3LNb5
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
Once again under@BarackObama, the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness  http://t.co/v7jzCXej \n We must do better.
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
\"Change before you have to.\" --Jack Welch
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
.@serenawilliams is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics, it looks like she will (cont) http://t.co/913rKvQ9
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
No surprise. @BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans http://t.co/tJPJqsBV  Big mistake!
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
China's media is attacking @MittRomney while endorsing @BarackObama  http://t.co/mV75eJFy  Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
\"America needs @MittRomney and @PaulRyanVP and we need them right now.\" -- @GovChristie
\"No one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!\" -- @AnnDRomney
\"New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency.\" -- @bobmcdonnell
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
My @SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election, OPEC ripping us off &amp; @MittRomney's job policy  http://t.co/E42phpQq
Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
An excerpt of my @TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party http://t.co/siTTYVPX
China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya @BarackObama's \"homeland\" in 2008  http://t.co/lQKQ2C7n
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him \"too seriously.\"
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!
.@EdRendell's book, \"A Nation of Wusses\" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing \"great\" at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.
.@washingtonpost thinks @IvankaTrump is \"What Washington's Social Scene Needs\" http://t.co/EB8o1Rvs Truth is, she's amazing.
\"An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous.\" --Henry Ford
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
@GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and @MittRomney will lose. @GeorgeFWill is a moron.
$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont) http://t.co/NZuyiZkl
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
.@MissTeenUSA visited today- http://t.co/so3JveGZ
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdock
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. @Salon
Congratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will \"put y'all back in chains\" was not at all proper.
Watch @PaulRyanVP explain how \"'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'\" http://t.co/TeWHwTTP
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
Pathetic--@BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban http://t.co/nqyeOLry Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
My @WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election, Trump real estate projects &amp; our airports http://t.co/PoaYvpSz
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
My @FoxNews interview on @gretawire discussing the @RNC convention, @BarackObama's sealed records &amp; real estate advice http://t.co/Fr4wsvsw
My @FoxBusiness interview on @Varneyco discussing @BarackObama's dirty tactics &amp; how @MittRomney should respond http://t.co/YbjBBGcf
The NYPost reports \"@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold.\" Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
Great article by @WayneRoot @theblaze -- \"Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'\" http://t.co/mP76RKHT
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty, not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont) http://t.co/VIJXqCgo
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Now @BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November   http://t.co/W0ur3yr2
.@MittRomney Op-Ed \"Culture Does Matter\" : http://t.co/rvIqsxcT
Ohio Senator @RobPortman: @MittRomney knows how to return prosperity: http://t.co/tfLcjCNC #Mitt2012 #tcot
Good article: \"What Happened to American Men\" from @Newsmax by Michael Cohen http://t.co/xoo32RR9
NEW @MittRomney TV AD \"Dream\" - For these small businesses, hope and change was not so kind: http://t.co/D1yC29ty  #tcot
\"Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November.\"-- @Newsmax_Media's cover \"The Trump Effect\"
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
\"Control your own destiny or someone else will.\"\n-- @jack_welch
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers. @BarackObama's policies have created a climate (cont) http://t.co/GA2MwpVg
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope &amp; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
Remember when @BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care http://t.co/N4sR0XSI
Twitter is on @BarackObama's enemies list http://t.co/X3XeJ5jx
Delusional--@BarackObama claims that his economic plan \"worked\"  http://t.co/GELl3XSD  Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan?
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- http://t.co/1tD9P1jC
\"Cowards die many times before their actual deaths.\" --Caesar
The new @BarackObama motto - \"You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success\" ...
So @BarackObama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko http://t.co/zbgkGPdN
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to \"learn how to be an American.\"
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7% to 1.4% and Q3 to 1.5% with 2012 on a whole at 1.7% http://t.co/c9PYimWh
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
As I always said, the \"Birthers\" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
So @BarackObama's campaign is calling @MittRomney a potential criminal http://t.co/gLPRy9lS How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
@NewYorkPost's Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere  http://t.co/GOnL8CT1
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with @melaniatrump via @NewYorkObserver's @velvet_roper http://t.co/ow3Jfwj3
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list @BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application? http://t.co/OKBJCRzs
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: \"If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax.\"
Watch @BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX http://t.co/6JlII3R8 The GOP must continue to Disrupt, Dismantle &amp; Repeal!
According to a @gallupnews poll, over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers http://t.co/J375jNf1 ObamaCare is a T-A-X.
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS  http://t.co/Vlyj8nKx
Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Very strange--why do database records contradict @BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year? http://t.co/ZJojrvvG
\"There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump, political or nonpolitical.\" --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Nice interview in the @The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award http://t.co/odIYqiq3
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
Via @AFP: \"Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland\"  http://t.co/s9YZymoA
Chris Ruddy is always on point: \"Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'\" http://t.co/imy5WsQr  via @Newsmax_Media
Great article in the @guardian -- \"Donald Trump opens £100m golf course\" http://t.co/bi2VmLJE
How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
What a coincidence?! @BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters. http://t.co/EAvn6KPU
\"However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.\" \n-- Winston Churchill
Congrats to @BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont) http://t.co/z3uEpKWL
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
\"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.\" --Benjamin Disraeli
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont) http://t.co/lqmm7BYh
Who's the outsourcer? @BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India. http://t.co/rW8CaIsc
A \"Lion's List\" of Democrats are not attending @BarackObama's DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil. http://t.co/8j3bT1cZ
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
SHOCK - @BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @MittRomney events\n http://t.co/TdZTHk2v
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @BarackObama administration. http://t.co/3xYbmuyx
The Amateur! First @BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!  http://t.co/f0CFiUS9
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
.@MacMiller's \"Donald Trump\" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
\"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.\" --Vince Lombardi
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later, @BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy http://t.co/Wp4ozvQx
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
The @MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options http://t.co/b3IvAjvi The perfect remedy!
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
Good news--@MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to @ppppolls. The NC GOP is united after their (cont) http://t.co/O5YRxtOd
My @IngrahamAngle interview discussing @JebBush's comments, a united 2012 GOP, #CelebApprentice &amp; Trump#Miss Universe http://t.co/iV3bM8LD
Biden @VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips http://t.co/FIsVfaV0
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
Is Roger Simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? Now he's attacking @BillClinton in defense of (cont) http://t.co/NPsNOsue
.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats. @BarackObama never showed up to help them even though he (cont) http://t.co/2c3kW42h
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
So @ReutersPolitics claims that @MittRomney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' http://t.co/OMpv8F10 Where (cont) http://t.co/b85y89lz
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
George Will was critical of @MittRomney throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont) http://t.co/B9h5IveG
George Will was pushing for @JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont) http://t.co/iLOtZA6z
The @BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice &amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont) http://t.co/uTkqPOQv
My @gretawire interview discussing my @MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont) http://t.co/PXMkCoCW
My @CNN interview with @wolfblitzercnn where I discuss @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' and why @CNN has low ratings http://t.co/PQwR5XUh
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover @BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit http://t.co/loar8BD6
Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers http://t.co/kr5OVY5Q China loves to cheat!
Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by @SertaMattresses. If you are looking for a mattress, go buy (cont) http://t.co/MnEU4dAP
In his own words, @BarackObama \"was born in Kenya, and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii.\" This statement was made, (cont) http://t.co/nIsSypv9
Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!
What could be better than dinner with @MittRomney and me? http://t.co/tqhszz5n
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
It's amazing how celebrities such as @Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont) http://t.co/xvUVZjoM
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
\"For what is the best choice, for each individual, is the highest it is possible for him to achieve.\"   Aristotle
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt http://t.co/BYFRxtzJ It must be repealed!
Interesting.@BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia \"declined\" in \"quality\" according to the Columbia Spectator http://t.co/9ypDUY7v
Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success, only a chance to succeed. The community organizer @BarackObama doesn't (cont) http://t.co/B3UEvZFy
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
Disaster! The @BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going \"to throw us back into a recession\" according to the CBO http://t.co/DnIZD13r
\"Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals.\" -- Henry Ford
A bite from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign http://t.co/enWZOtf2
A segment from last night's @piersmorgan interview discussing @CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign http://t.co/xLLHI3ni
\"Diligence is the mother of good luck.\"\n--Benjamin Franklin
SHOCK! While attacking @MittRomney's private equity experience, @BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers http://t.co/aYUkRiKy
Wrong! Under @BarackObama's watch, @Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month http://t.co/X45YRQNE
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
The final two- @ArsenioOFFICIAL and @ClayAiken- visited yesterday- http://t.co/nyHZlcvX
Under @BarackObama, the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. http://t.co/UU29ZNyd
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Joe Biden called America \"the Problem\" vis a vis Iran http://t.co/T1cPLiZn  He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@JoeBiden
My @gretawire interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election  http://t.co/t8vXrOYz
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia, taxes, the fledgling economy and Facebook http://t.co/AiV3QMch
\"It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.\"  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton, South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont) http://t.co/9UJZB8nA
WRONG!@BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy http://t.co/UjH2fKV0  China really has our number
Snowboarder/Skateboarder @Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week....\nhttp://t.co/1dxKg2kc
When will @BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts?\nhttp://t.co/Mzg1l6qo
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in @washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes http://t.co/uuUXXPtn
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years http://t.co/YtC2mTRE China is eroding the US manufacturing sector.
The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great  http://t.co/C1ZY0tP2 The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.
Editorial by @DonaldJTrumpJr in the \"DailyCaller: \"Defending Innovation in America\" http://t.co/kaaA4m05
My interview with @NYDNGatecrasher discussing @BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of @MittRomney http://t.co/Le6O3n4b
\"China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded, they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont) http://t.co/XyzZFCP0
\"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont) http://t.co/SmgUDVmG
\"Right now, we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. \nChina is (cont) http://t.co/vcvETg5z
\"The fact is, right now and for the foreseeable future, the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont) http://t.co/VjwvpoYk
By @BarackObama's design, the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation  \nhttp://t.co/cZc9SRS6 REPEAL!
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont) http://t.co/qrQuVn1p
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Under @BarackObama, 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 http://t.co/41wJOjGu  Another catastrophe is brewing.
Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time http://t.co/PTXWJhHv If I hadn't gotten involved, it would still be unused.
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran http://t.co/yuMqsrT6  China loves these deals!
He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress \nhttp://t.co/m4JN2oIw
Thousands of US warplanes, ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China, leaving them open (cont) http://t.co/ws4PiIkK
Mar-a-Lago, my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built, has been nominated as one of (cont) http://t.co/4McLW9u5
Why gas prices will rise, Miss Canada/Miss Universe, and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/1DAVgSlQ
I'll be speaking on Thursday, April 12, at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont) http://t.co/c7aLRcz7
@BarackObama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont) http://t.co/xXt75Jls
Remember what I said about @BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont) http://t.co/0uQsm9t4
@RickSantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont) http://t.co/n500m0Y8
He @BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont) http://t.co/qWzfanv3
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers http://t.co/QDSnRVAj Time to get out of there!
@RickSantorum is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be @MittRomney's VP. http://t.co/6MNmYTSK\nHe (cont) http://t.co/QT3yelWF
When @BarackObama is not vacationing, he is hosting his top donors in the White House http://t.co/RAB2Lahw  Always having a good time!
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont) http://t.co/4ThONZoj
Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. http://t.co/RK1UoS8e  The left needs a dose of reality.
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates, the deficit, @RepPaulRyan's timing, @TimTebow and the Doral  http://t.co/eLui9CBZ
Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont) http://t.co/WlJdcOUd
Behind the scenes photo of @Gretawire and I filming an interview- http://t.co/EUR1Yjjp Watch tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont) http://t.co/5cBGzYeM
@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - \"Future President\" or \"POTUS 45\" or \"@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare\"
\"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) http://t.co/7Jzf2WqI
\"Sadly, when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs, Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont) http://t.co/jKObsFMp
\"We have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont) http://t.co/9xnHKcRC
\"The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama, because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont) http://t.co/JOBrLYwL
The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude http://t.co/RFZ6ovXS  They always play this game (cont) http://t.co/IpLxV7K0
Strange--why didn't @BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare? http://t.co/BNTKmset
He @RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as @Rosie does of ever having a successful (cont) http://t.co/aeKdaYsP
He @MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont) http://t.co/N6uDBymz
My @SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary, gas prices, the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. http://t.co/r03kTH7N
They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid, Trayvon (cont) http://t.co/sIFjKnPO
The @BarackObama administration now claims to have done \"everything\" to reduce gas prices http://t.co/idDXPZro  What about Keystone?
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what @BarackObama promised -- over $1.76 http://t.co/xqHyWoBU  -- and result (cont) http://t.co/CqmIPfrP
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates http://t.co/NHVgThr6 @BarackObama (cont) http://t.co/KZgAG42e
@MittRomney did well last night. He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates. @MittRomney will be the nominee.http://wapo.st/yjKOcr
\"Yes, the BP oil spill was bad, but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont) http://t.co/pLipL6ya
\"In terms of energy, we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont) http://t.co/SEfHN8YL
He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
Gas is $6 already in California. Don' worry - @BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont) http://t.co/RVabzgJn
He @BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary http://t.co/0k72wnb7
He @BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:  http://t.co/0TAVuA4E
As an \"honorary Buckeye\" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
My interview with @Jay_Severin on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate @MittRomney http://t.co/6jhc3miP
My interview on @ASavageNation discussing why @MittRomney will defeat @BarackObama with a strong campaign. http://t.co/wEnVRccC
Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
\"Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont) http://t.co/Zf2pEO80
\"Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel.\" (cont) http://t.co/ZRYOPR1Y
@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan http://t.co/uNxQYQWi We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't.  Time to get out.
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month, rising 21 days in a row http://t.co/qzQI1z9p  Don't worry - @BarackObama has a solution--ALGAE!
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.
Ann Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night! http://t.co/kkByT0Er
\"America's relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont) http://t.co/wCiAsVsc
\"We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong.\" #TimeToGetTough http://t.co/U0XIm6h0
Rev. Graham made a critical point. @BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont) http://t.co/TQXAlYMH
He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @RickReilly of @ESPN. He gets away with murder and most people (cont) http://t.co/AYrhD0pl
Now @BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont) http://t.co/D9iV87Tq
@CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @IvankaTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr. I am very proud of this season.
@JLin7 is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season. http://t.co/yMg6pWWC @JLin7
As the @BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month, unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at (cont) http://t.co/3HOiXpFF
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
My interview with @PaulWTalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney. http://t.co/Rc0e32VT
David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow, every time I look, I can't help thinking of (cont) http://t.co/BNqSgQm3
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: \"I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont) http://t.co/e7Xvn2rq
Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @BarackObama rejected in Keystone. http://t.co/pMzy2rB3   Unbelievable!
Scenes from last night's episode of @OCChoppers where @DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ http://t.co/KcPxmtrl
Wrong Policy: @BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific. http://t.co/x6ssYloS
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
@joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out.
So @JLin7 had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont) http://t.co/YFumzn95
RT: @thedailybeast: Polling shows the @AmericansElect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
@fox_trot_1  I was in my twenties.
@kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.
@atlthrasher  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
\"The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious, and that's to control Obama-style (cont) http://t.co/4HaJETv0
\"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly, China will gain a whole (cont) http://t.co/k6a5CJha
\"So, I speak badly of China, but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump.\" (cont) http://t.co/sOna1B4I
A clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @ApprenticeNBC Season 5 http://t.co/DOYyFWhm
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower-- http://t.co/mKhhOzmw
\"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does, it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont) http://t.co/lT5MW2te
#trumpvlog My thoughts on @RickSantorum in today's video blog... http://t.co/M2oKfwWE
\"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont) http://t.co/NzxThJyH
\"I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?\" (cont) http://t.co/WjpVcUCx
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
@npbraden  I already have two great pilots.
@fatmaninaspeedo  I have not met @MacMiller but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
Government dependency has surged over 23% since @BarackObama has taken office. http://t.co/5jw1VwdK He is creating an entitlement culture.
@stass13  Sorry, she's taken.
@GrimeyGatsby  I only require four hours of sleep per night.
@BarackObama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns. http://t.co/CLGMtf2M
@bats67 As a parent, education has a high priority, it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont) http://t.co/3PNhfjhw
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
@Miss_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
@IanBQueen  In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont) http://t.co/r8H7db6X
I will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday, February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & (cont) http://t.co/meoQ0Uco
#trumpvlog @BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog.... http://t.co/Edj4uML3
He @BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban. http://t.co/Pb0RVJyO   The Taliban out negotiates him!
His spending is reckless: @BarackObama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.   http://t.co/P71gzhvm
Shocking--two of @BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra  http://t.co/hWwr1CR0  What a coincidence!
\"The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure, and they know they're not going to get (cont) http://t.co/sldeJ9ks
\"America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance.\" #TimeToGetTough (cont) http://t.co/jObffdOi
\"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before.\" #TimeToGetTough   http://t.co/Cp9wfF71  http://t.co/Yy6GNcx3
I was on @SquawkBox this morning  http://t.co/asuQPlKW
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market, unemployment numbers and the FL (cont) http://t.co/dZQAWrIv
My @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National, the FL primary, @ApprenticeNBC and OPEC http://t.co/4kU9UYYm
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont) http://t.co/TxWsEd3M
Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Formerly of the New York Times, @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly, he is an even (cont) http://t.co/n9hCp1Q3
Check out this great story from the @WSJ... http://t.co/O7RxKFGb
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address, Apple, and a great @WSJ article.... http://t.co/RRgM3Xxr
Last night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
Keystone pipeline would create 20,000 direct jobs, another 50,000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700,000 barrels a (cont) http://t.co/oenlVsr8
After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
\"For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is, Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont) http://t.co/OKTen2ah
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney \"George\" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
\"All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford.\" (cont) http://t.co/EgEPxBvW
\"People are smart. They know you can't be \"for\" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work.\" (cont) http://t.co/mypPDikz
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen. \nhttp://t.co/QW78vJja
“The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont) http://t.co/xqRdhgPe
“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation, its systematic (cont) http://t.co/6hW0AcJE
Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
@BarackObama is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday. http://t.co/01D4xz1G
@BarackObama ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model. http://t.co/fa5eQMAu Another diplomatic coup!
“To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
Receiving @AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing @FollowLola debut @CarnegieHall on Jan.19 http://t.co/3V7gP6Aw
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
51% of @JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with @BarackObama as president   http://t.co/uk18GlYr   So is @JonHuntsman!
\"A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely, not funneling it to his cronies (cont) http://t.co/Gy6SVjHK
\"President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont) http://t.co/4dCNnx00
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont) http://t.co/YW5q4n3X
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as \"Your Excellency.\"\nhttp://t.co/IfFqchF7  She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
\"Nobody cares\" about the Iowa straw poll is what @JonHuntsman said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning http://t.co/Xd69CFKu
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
\"If history teaches us anything, it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont) http://t.co/6x6RYJPG
\"I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"Under President @BarackObama, China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses.\" #TimeToGetTough
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
He is destroying our country:@BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont) http://t.co/A5DGJvhP
\"It's important that we help poor people to become independent, self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work.\" #TimeToGetTough
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont) http://t.co/KhujI5YC
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
What a convenient mistake: @BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas. http://t.co/DodG53Rx
Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey http://t.co/173fGaoU
@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork, @TrumpLasVegas, @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
Congratulations to @AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!   http://t.co/XjugMNK9
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this? http://t.co/vP4bo45p
\"Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess, as it inevitably will.\" #TimeToGetTough
\"The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation.\"  #TimeToGetTough
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
My interview with @ASavageNation discussing #TimeToGetTough, my 2012 plans and Iraq http://t.co/IgnuA6M8  http://t.co/Bq0GXn1j
For last minute shopping, my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice...http://amzn.to/sNqlFH
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama \"asked\" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
\"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers.\" #TimeToGetTough
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
\"So, if Iran is going to take over the oil, I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq.\"#TimeToGetTough
Read this about @lawrence...... http://t.co/r7JWwoAY
My interview with @EWErickson of @RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough, GOP primary and my 2012 options  http://t.co/SD6NqxZR
My @FoxNews interview with @gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012 http://t.co/Kq7FKBnc
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
My @FoxNews interview with @TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-@iontv debate http://t.co/GWGw43UH
Check out my new book  \"Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again\" http://t.co/VEEHngHq
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
#trumpvlog Same last name, same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... http://t.co/KCVRNBJa
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
My @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich, the Newsmax-@iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough  http://t.co/Qg0JvzpP
\"The Architect\" @KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @BarackObama becoming President. Ignore him.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to \"negative.\" Why? @BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee. http://t.co/Uxyhhq6y
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockh… (cont) http://t.co/wIr68Cn4
Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable. http://t.co/DdW3Hsvn
Unbelievable how he gets away with it:  @BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One, laughing at everybod… (cont) http://t.co/eswQ5HwC
The habitual vacationer: @BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… (cont) http://t.co/nCNtI5pi
It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: @BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight, making it almost impossibl… (cont) http://t.co/VDESyCWJ
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.  http://t.co/A2DDoheG
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. \"Time is money\"---The Art of the Deal.
Crude is at $100/Barrel. With the current state of the world economy, how is that possible? OPEC is ripping of… (cont) http://t.co/BJW5fZyc
In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America \"soft\" and lazy.\" He loves to criticize America.
My new book,  Time To Get Tough,  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the \"Arab Spring\"?
Why is @BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving? http://t.co/V1CrdfCb  This is dangerous for our soldiers.
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
My @FoxNews interview last night with @Gretawire http://t.co/P9OPYzBf
In response to @Lawrence, my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt, great as… (cont) http://t.co/2FON2L0U
Read this about @Lawrence.... http://t.co/4gVjMygu
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
My thoughts on @barackobama's campaign.... http://t.co/qTgjcZdX
My @FoxNews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing OWS and  @BarackObama's incompetent leadership.  http://t.co/SQjQauJU
Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
\"Everyone makes mistakes, but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters.\" -- Midas Touch
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
@BarackObama now says  that he is an \"underdog in 2012.\" America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
The @erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by @BretMichaels was a great event. Enjoy the video.... http://t.co/JQjN0a6R
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
\"Sleepy\" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
Great interview in @postedtoronto of @DonaldJTrumpJr:  He makes me proud.  http://t.co/LzksVYyM
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
My interview from yesterday with @seanhannity  http://t.co/yvG4wLeZ
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
@BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Just finished speaking in Sydney, Australia, in front of 20,000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot… (cont) http://t.co/DujNk4d4
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
My interview yesterday with @TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China  http://t.co/gKUTyeM
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
US should have told Libya \"Rebels\" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation.  http://t.co/4rsrFqG
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
With gas prices rising and the economy failing,  @BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B  http://t.co/vcM5gmd
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.
My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book… http://t.co/X6stu9N #trumpvlog
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
Just as I predicted, @Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China. He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an… (cont) http://t.co/M3TnJw5
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
My interview with @gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'      http://t.co/rOKGLIM
@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
My interview this morning on Good Morning America  with George Stephanopoulos  http://t.co/N7Urafm
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
Congress should get back to Washington, but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
@BarackObama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol… (cont) http://deck.ly/~7QsGg
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates... http://t.co/OWQdHkF
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
\"Know when to walk away from the table.\"   The Art of the Deal
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
\"China is our enemy--they want to destroy us\" -- Redstate Interview
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog... http://t.co/MUEE4AL
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Watch my appearances on Good Day NY... http://bit.ly/jxjHgU and @FoxandFriends... http://bit.ly/iINif1
My thoughts on last night's meeting with @SarahPalinUSA in today's #trumpvlog... http://bit.ly/jec5p9
Watch my latest video blog.... http://bit.ly/icubEG
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
My appearance on The View... http://bit.ly/fk3utP and http://bit.ly/f5rTko
Catch me on Fox News right now, my interview with Neil Cavuto http://bit.ly/fRKfrz
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  \nHave you?
Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video http://bit.ly/gv6TVh
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!
I answered some of your questions in today's video... http://bit.ly/exviyc
I answered your questions in today's video... watch at http://bit.ly/hnzt5J
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at http://bit.ly/hGKbS7 and http://bit.ly/ff8tRT
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing. I'm proud of him.  http://bit.ly/c1y3c3
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
Rima Fakih, our beautiful Miss USA, rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday... \n http://www.missuniverse.com/missusa
Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame... http://www.newyorksightseeing.com/
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
\"Before Kids Can Go Places, They Need a Place To Go\" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League, an organization I'm  very proud to support
Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection...\nhttp://www.trump.com/
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice? For casting details: http://tinyurl.com/yly2c8u
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’. Submit questions: http://bit.ly/bPiP7T
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!
Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA: http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the \"Think Like A Champion\" signed book/keychain contest! http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb
Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating: http://tinyurl.com/nxvquo
Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:\nhttp://bit.ly/DdD2A
Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: http://bit.ly/11FHpR
Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine: http://tinyurl.com/qsx4o6
\"Always know you could be on the precipice of something great.\" --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book, Think Like A Champion: http://tinyurl.com/qs24vl
